Is δNp63 expression a protective factor of progression in clinical high grade T1 bladder cancer?
Does pRMT5 enhance generation of induced pluripotent stem cells from dairy goat embryonic fibroblasts via down-regulation of p53?
Is tP53 Pro72 allele enriched in oral tongue cancer and frequently mutated in esophageal cancer in India?
Does miR-1228 promote the proliferation and metastasis of hepatoma cells through a p53 forward feedback loop?
Does vitamin E attenuate neurotoxicity induced by deltamethrin in rats?
Are well differentiation and intact Smad4 expression specific features of groove pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomas?
Does ercc1 Deficiency promote Tumorigenesis and Increases Cisplatin Sensitivity in a Tp53 Context-Specific Manner?
Do grape compounds suppress colon cancer stem cells in vitro and in a rodent model of colon carcinogenesis?
Does next-generation sequencing survey of biliary tract cancer reveal the association between tumor somatic variants and chemotherapy resistance?
Does [ Gambogenic acid induce mitochondria-dependent apoptosis in human gastric carcinoma cell line ]?
Do aurkA inhibitors enhance the effects of B-RAF and MEK inhibitors in melanoma treatment?
Are cDKN2A ( p16 ) and HRAS frequently mutated in vulvar squamous cell carcinoma?
Does l-arginine enhance arginine deiminase induced human lymphoma cell growth inhibition through NF-kBp65 and p53 expression in vitro?
Do histological groups of human postpubertal testicular germ cell tumours harbour different genetic alterations?
Does methotrexate inhibit NF-κB activity via long intergenic ( noncoding ) RNA-p21 induction?
Does next-generation sequencing of adrenocortical carcinoma reveal new routes to targeted therapies?
Does classification of patients with breast cancer according to Nottingham prognostic index highlight significant differences in immunohistochemical marker expression?
Do somatic mutations predict poor outcome in patients with myelodysplastic syndrome after hematopoietic stem-cell transplantation?
Does bacterial CagA protein induce degradation of p53 protein in a p14ARF-dependent manner?
Do atypical bronchopulmonary carcinoids show a tendency toward increased apoptotic and proliferative activity?
Is overexpression of the 27 KDa heat shock protein associated with thermoresistance and chemoresistance but not with radioresistance?
Do antioxidants attenuate myocyte apoptosis in the remote non-infarcted myocardium following large myocardial infarction?
Are cholangiocarcinoma in primary sclerosing cholangitis : K-ras mutations and Tp53 dysfunction implicated in the neoplastic development?
Is squamous papilloma of the urinary tract unrelated to condyloma acuminata?
Is cyclin D1 expression predictive of occult metastases in head and neck cancer patients with clinically negative cervical lymph nodes?
Does paeonol protect against premature senescence in endothelial cells by modulating Sirtuin 1 pathway?
Does olmesartan prevent cardiac rupture in mice with myocardial infarction by modulating growth differentiation factor 15 and p53?
Does characteristic epithelium with low-grade atypia appear on the surface of gastric cancer after successful Helicobacter pylori eradication therapy?
Is bronchioloalveolar carcinoma ( lepidic growth ) component a more useful prognostic factor than lymph node metastasis?
Does expression of Bcl-2 predict outcome in locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients treated with cisplatin-based concurrent chemoradiotherapy?
Are p53 and vascular endothelial growth factor expressions two important indices for prognosis in gastric carcinoma?
Does combining carbon ion irradiation and non-homologous end-joining repair inhibitor NU7026 efficiently kill cancer cells?
Do dual inhibition of nuclear factor kappa-B and Mdm2 enhance the antitumor effect of radiation therapy for pancreatic cancer?
Are notch1/3 and p53/p21 a potential therapeutic target for APS-induced apoptosis in non-small cell lung carcinoma cell lines?
Do combined Tumor Suppressor Defects Characterize Clinically Defined Aggressive Variant Prostate Cancers?
Does next-Generation Sequencing of Matched Primary and Metastatic Rectal Adenocarcinomas demonstrate Minimal Mutation Gain and Concordance to Colonic Adenocarcinomas?
Do aqueous extracts of Fructus Ligustri Lucide induce gastric carcinoma cell apoptosis and G2/M cycle arrest?
Does p53 Activity dominate That of p73 upon Mdm4 Loss in Development and Tumorigenesis?
Does mutant GDF15 present a poor prognostic outcome for patients with oral squamous cell carcinoma?
Does pharmacological inhibitor of fatty acid synthase suppress growth and invasiveness of renal cancer cells?
Does the T cell factor/beta-catenin antagonist PKF115-584 inhibit proliferation of adrenocortical carcinoma cells?
Is dNA-dependent protein kinase a therapeutic target and an indicator of poor prognosis in B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia?
Does the RR genotype of codon 72 of p53 gene reduce the development of intestinal metaplasia?
Does mDM2SNP309 associate with elevated MDM2 protein expression or breast cancer risk?
Is survival of ovarian cancer patients overexpressing the tumour antigen p53 diminished in case of MHC class I down-regulation?
Are tumour malignancy loss and cell differentiation associated with induction of gef gene in human melanoma cells?
Does metallothionein alleviate glutathione depletion-induced oxidative cardiomyopathy in murine hearts?
Are gains of chromosome region 3q26 in intraepithelial neoplasia and invasive squamous cell carcinoma of the vulva frequent and independent of HPV status?
Are fragile histidine triad gene alterations essential for hepatocellular carcinoma development in South Korea?
Is reduced expression of p27 correlated with progression in precancerous lesions of the larynx?
Does inhibition of epidermal growth factor receptor signaling decrease p63 expression in head and neck squamous carcinoma cells?
Does meta-analysis of the p53 mutation database for mutant p53 biological activity reveal a methodologic bias in mutation detection?
Do serum anti-p53 antibodies occur in patients with heart failure due to idiopathic dilated and ischemic cardiomyopathies?
Is antibody immunity to the p53 oncogenic protein a prognostic indicator in ovarian cancer?
Is overexpression of cyclooxygenase-2 associated with a favorable prognostic phenotype in breast carcinoma?
Does sIRT6 Overexpression potentiate Apoptosis Evasion in Hepatocellular Carcinoma via BCL2-Associated X Protein-Dependent Apoptotic Pathway?
Does mechanical Stretch inhibit MicroRNA499 via p53 to Regulate Calcineurin-A Expression in Rat Cardiomyocytes?
Does polyphyllin VII induce apoptosis in HepG2 cells through ROS-mediated mitochondrial dysfunction and MAPK pathways?
Does neosquamous epithelium typically arise from Barrett 's epithelium?
Does expression profile-defined classification of lung adenocarcinoma show close relationship with underlying major genetic changes and clinicopathologic behaviors?
Does over-expression of PTEN sensitize human ovarian cancer cells to cisplatin-induced apoptosis in a p53-dependent manner?
Does cisplatin-induced growth arrest of head and neck cancer cells correlate with increased expression of p16 and p53?
Does staurosporine modulate radiosensitivity and radiation-induced apoptosis in U937 cells?
Does pharmacological inhibition of DNA repair enzymes differentially modulate telomerase activity and apoptosis in two human leukaemia cell lines?
Does diosgenin induce cell cycle arrest and apoptosis in human leukemia K562 cells with the disruption of Ca2+ homeostasis?
Does docosahexaenoic acid enhance the susceptibility of human colorectal cancer cells to 5-fluorouracil?
Does p16INK4a and p21Waf1/Cip1 expression correlate with clinical outcome in vulvar carcinomas?
Does [ Expression of human telomerase reverse transcriptase gene in HCC depend on proliferating cell nuclear antigen and P53 ]?
Does centrophenoxine improve chronic cerebral ischemia induced cognitive deficit and neuronal degeneration in rats?
Is expression of p53 protein an early event in ultraviolet light-induced cutaneous squamous cell carcinogenesis?
Are somatic TP53 mutations relatively rare among adrenocortical cancers with the frequent 17p13 loss of heterozygosity?
Is p53 overexpression a predictor of local recurrence after treatment for both in situ and invasive ductal carcinoma of the breast?
Does synergy of interferon-alpha and 5-fluorouracil in human renal cell carcinoma require p53 activity?
Does human herpesvirus 6B inhibit cell proliferation by a p53-independent pathway?
Does caffeine mediate sustained inactivation of breast cancer-associated myofibroblasts via up-regulation of tumor suppressor genes?
Does transglutaminase 2 inhibitor abrogate renal cell carcinoma in xenograft models?
Do an intricate network of conserved DNA upstream motifs and associated transcription factors regulate the expression of uromodulin gene?
Does immunohistochemical analysis of molecular drivers in melanoma identify p16 as an independent prognostic biomarker?
Does swietenia macrophylla King induce mitochondrial-mediated apoptosis through p53 upregulation in HCT116 colorectal carcinoma cells?
Are dNA damage-centered signaling pathways effectively activated during low dose-rate Auger radioimmunotherapy?
Is mutant p53 protein overexpression associated with poor outcome in patients with well or moderately differentiated ovarian carcinoma?
Do gold nanoparticles induce apoptosis in MCF-7 human breast cancer cells?
Does population-based study reveal new risk-stratification biomarker panel for Barrett 's esophagus?
Does tIGAR induce p53-mediated cell-cycle arrest by regulation of RB-E2F1 complex?
Does muscovite reverse gastric gland atrophy and intestinal metaplasia by promoting cell proliferation in rats with atrophic gastritis?
Does dPC4 gene status of the primary carcinoma correlate with patterns of failure in patients with pancreatic cancer?
Are genes of cell-cell interactions , chemotherapy detoxification and apoptosis induced during chemotherapy of acute myeloid leukemia?
Does hypoxia regulate human lung fibroblast proliferation via p53-dependent and -independent pathways?
Is interleukin-6 production by rat hepatocellular carcinoma cells associated with metastatic potential but not with tumorigenicity?
Does p53 and bcl-2 expression correlate with clinical outcome in a series of node-positive breast cancer patients?
Does overexpression or mutation of the p53 tumor suppressor gene occur in malignant ovarian germ cell tumors?
Are p53 immunohistochemical and genetic alterations associated at high incidence with post-irradiated locally persistent prostate carcinoma?
Are p53 mutation and MDM2 amplification rare even in human papillomavirus-negative cervical carcinomas?
Are overexpression of p53 protein and DNA content important biologic prognostic factors for thyroid cancer?
Is sensitivity of apoptosis-resistant colon cancer cells to tanshinones mediated by autophagic cell death and p53-independent cytotoxicity?
Does 5-Aminolevulinic acid-mediated sonodynamic therapy induce anti-tumor effects in malignant melanoma via p53-miR-34a-Sirt1 axis?
Does ultra-deep targeted sequencing of advanced oral squamous cell carcinoma identify a mutation-based prognostic gene signature?
Does pHLDA3 overexpression in hepatocytes by endoplasmic reticulum stress via IRE1-Xbp1s pathway expedite liver injury?
Does trp53 loss during in vitro selection contribute to acquired Ara-C resistance in acute myeloid leukemia?
Does lack of p53 function promote radiation-induced mitotic catastrophe in mouse embryonic fibroblast cells?
Does expression of polo-like kinase 1 ( PLK1 ) protein predict the survival of patients with gastric carcinoma?
Is bcl-2 a prognostic marker in breast cancer independently of the Nottingham Prognostic Index?
Does [ Microcystin-LR induce apoptosis in L-02 cell line ]?
Is expression of the cadherin-11 gene a discriminative factor between articular and growth plate chondrocytes?
Do eZH2 and BMI1 inversely correlate with prognosis and TP53 mutation in breast cancer?
Is rBM19 essential for preimplantation development in the mouse?
Is acute doxorubicin cardiotoxicity associated with p53-induced inhibition of the mammalian target of rapamycin pathway?
Does porphyrin homeostasis maintained by ABCG2 regulate self-renewal of embryonic stem cells?
Is cyclooxygenase-2 expression an independent predictor of poor prognosis in colon cancer?
Does miR-192 regulate dihydrofolate reductase and cellular proliferation through the p53-microRNA circuit?
Is apolipoprotein B a new target of the GDNF/RET and ET-3/EDNRB signalling pathways?
Does met act through Abl to regulate p53 transcriptional outcomes and cell survival in the developing liver?
Does citrus limonin lack the antichemotherapeutic effect in human models of breast cancer?
Does overexpression of WW domain-containing oxidoreductase WOX1 preferentially induce apoptosis in human glioblastoma cells harboring mutant p53?
Does loss of Rb cooperate with Ras to drive oncogenic growth in mammalian cells?
Does methanesulfonic acid sodium salt protect retina from acute light damage in mice?
Does lMO4 inhibit p53-mediated proliferative inhibition of breast cancer cells through interacting p53?
Do abrogation of G2 checkpoint specifically sensitize p53 defective cells to cancer chemotherapeutic agents?
Does elevated cyclooxygenase-2 expression correlate with diminished survival in carcinoma of the cervix treated with radiotherapy?
Do widely used prostate carcinoma cell lines share common origins?
Does fAK regulate intestinal epithelial cell survival and proliferation during mucosal wound healing?
Are biological properties of biopsy specimens useful for predicting lymph node micrometastasis in esophageal carcinoma?
Does pSC 833 modulation of multidrug resistance to paclitaxel in cultured human ovarian carcinoma cells lead to apoptosis?
Does low expression of p27 indicate a poor prognosis in patients with high-grade astrocytomas?
Is a novel gene containing PDZ and LIM domains , PCD1 , overexpressed in human colorectal cancer?
Does reduced expression of p53 and p21WAF1/CIP1 sensitize human breast cancer cells to paclitaxel and its combination with 5-fluorouracil?
Is nuclear accumulation of p53 a potential marker for the development of squamous cell lung cancer in smokers?
Do thymidylate synthase and p53 expression in primary tumor predict chemotherapy outcome in metastatic colorectal carcinoma?
Is altered p53 and pRb expression predictive of response to BCG treatment in T1G3 bladder cancer?
Does heparin regulate colon cancer cell growth through p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase signalling?
Is cIS a surrogate marker of genetic instability and field carcinogenesis in the urothelial mucosa?
Is late-gestation ventricular myocardial reduction in fetuses of hyperglycemic CD1 mice associated with increased apoptosis?
Does p53 Amino-terminus region ( 1-125 ) stabilize and restores heat denatured p53 wild phenotype?
Do mDM2 gene SNP309 T/G and p53 gene SNP72 G/C influence diffuse large B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma onset or survival in central European Caucasians?
Are mDM2 SNP 309 and p53 codon 72 polymorphisms associated with the outcome of oral carcinoma patients receiving postoperative irradiation?
Do hdm2 and nitric oxide radicals contribute to the p53-dependent radioadaptive response?
Are methylation alterations a major cause of PTTG1 misregulation?
Is alpha2-antiplasmin a critical regulator of angiotensin II-mediated vascular remodeling?
Is expression of p53 protein in gastric carcinomas independently prognostic?
Is absence of cyclooxygenase-2 protein expression a predictor of tumor regression in rectal cancer treated with preoperative short-term chemoradiotherapy?
Does black tea prevent cigarette smoke-induced apoptosis and lung damage?
Do antisense oligonucleotides targeting midkine inhibit tumor growth in an in situ human hepatocellular carcinoma model?
Is downregulation of cell cycle modulators p21 , p27 , p53 , Rb and proapoptotic Bcl-2-related proteins Bax and Bak in cutaneous melanoma associated with worse patient prognosis : preliminary findings?
Are ribonucleotide reductase subunits M2 and p53R2 potential biomarkers for metastasis of colon cancer?
Does dNA mismatch repair initiate 6-thioguanine -- induced autophagy through p53 activation in human tumor cells?
Is the p53 gene mutation of prognostic value in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma patients in unified stages of curability?
Are hEPACAM1 and 2 differentially regulated in canine mammary adenomas and carcinomas and its lymph node metastases?
Is humoral p53 antibody response a prognostic parameter in ovarian cancer?
Is overexpression of p53 associated with drug resistance of gastric cancers to 5-fluorouracil-based systemic chemotherapy?
Is bcl-2 protein expression associated with a prognostically favourable phenotype in breast cancer irrespective of p53 immunostaining?
Does ethanol improve adenovirus-mediated gene transfer and expression to the bladder epithelium of rodents?
Is apoptosis induced by nitric oxide associated with nuclear p53 protein expression in cultured osteoarthritic synoviocytes?
Is nuclear expression of p53 , p21 and cyclin D1 increased in bronchioloalveolar carcinoma?
Does no-touch isolation technique reduce intraoperative shedding of tumor cells into the portal vein during resection of colorectal cancer?
Does pretreatment p53 immunoreactivity infer radioresistance in prostate cancer patients?
Is regeneration of the exocrine pancreas delayed in telomere-dysfunctional mice?
Is the central Sirtuin 1/p53 pathway essential for the orexigenic action of ghrelin?
Does serum derived from zeranol-implanted ACI rats promote the growth of human breast cancer cells in vitro?
Does gene profiling of MTA1 identify novel gene targets and functions?
Does miRNA-mRNA integrated analysis reveal roles for miRNAs in primary breast tumors?
Is aflatoxin genotoxicity associated with a defective DNA damage response bypassing p53 activation?
Does sensitivity to cisplatin in primary cell lines derived from human glioma correlate with levels of EGR-1 expression?
Does miR-34a induce the downregulation of both E2F1 and B-Myb oncogenes in leukemic cells?
Does expression signature of microRNA-181-a reveal its crucial role in the pathogenesis of paediatric systemic lupus erythematosus?
Are p53 gene mutations associated with poor survival in low and low-intermediate risk diffuse large B-cell lymphomas?
Do dcr3 inhibit p53-dependent apoptosis in gamma-irradiated lung cancer cells?
Is δNp73β oncogenic in hepatocellular carcinoma by blocking apoptosis signaling via death receptors and mitochondria?
Does modulation of mdm2 pre-mRNA splicing by 9-aminoacridine-PNA ( peptide nucleic acid ) conjugate targeting intron-exon junctions?
Does taurine chloramine inhibit proliferation of rheumatoid arthritis synoviocytes by triggering a p53-dependent pathway?
Does dominant-negative fibroblast growth factor receptor expression enhance antitumoral potency of oncolytic herpes simplex virus in neural tumors?
Does fGFR1 emerge as a potential therapeutic target for lobular breast carcinomas?
Is reprimo methylation a potential biomarker of Barrett's-Associated esophageal neoplastic progression?
Is pUMA critical for neonatal cardiomyocyte apoptosis induced by endoplasmic reticulum stress?
Does p53 independent induction of PUMA mediate intestinal apoptosis in response to ischaemia-reperfusion?
Does inhibition of apoptotic protein p53 lower the threshold of isoflurane-induced cardioprotection during early reperfusion in rabbits?
Does [ Gemin3 inhibit cell apoptosis through suppression of p53 expression ]?
Does disruption of Trp53 in livers of mice induce formation of carcinomas with bilineal differentiation?
Does grape juice concentrate modulate p16 expression in high fat diet-induced liver steatosis in Wistar rats?
Does bortezomib reverse the proliferative and antiapoptotic effect of neuropeptides on prostate cancer cells?
Does gamma radiation induce senescence in human adult mesenchymal stem cells from bone marrow and periodontal ligaments?
Does miR-26a regulate mouse hepatocyte proliferation via directly targeting the 3 ' untranslated region of CCND2 and CCNE2?
Does clofarabine have Apoptotic Effect on T47D Breast Cancer Cell Line via P53R2 Gene Expression?
Is obesity-induced p53 activation in insulin-dependent and independent tissues inhibited by beta-adrenergic agonist in diet-induced obese rats?
Does long interspersed nuclear element ORF-1 protein promote proliferation and resistance to chemotherapy in hepatocellular carcinoma?
Does aMP-activated protein kinase regulate endothelial cell angiotensin-converting enzyme expression via p53 and the post-transcriptional regulation of microRNA-143/145?
Is household income associated with the p53 mutation frequency in human breast tumors?
Do bone marrow-derived cells participate in the formation of normal and neoplastic lung stroma?
Are trabecular bone mass and bone formation preserved after limb immobilisation in p53 null mice?
Are high nuclear grade and negative estrogen receptor significant risk factors for recurrence in DCIS?
Does loss of BRCA2 correlate with reduced long-term survival of sporadic breast cancer patients?
Does epstein-barr virus-positive gastric carcinoma have a distinct protein expression profile in comparison with epstein-barr virus-negative carcinoma?
Does all-trans-retinoic acid enhance the effect of adenovirus-mediated wild-type p53 gene transfer in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma?
Does molecular heterogeneity of oligodendrogliomas suggest alternative pathways in tumor progression?
Is p63 protein expression rare in prostate adenocarcinoma : implications for cancer diagnosis and carcinogenesis?
Is the intronic G13964C variant in p53 a high-risk mutation in familial breast cancer in Australia?
Is thioredoxin expression associated with lymph node status and prognosis in early operable non-small cell lung cancer?
Is resveratrol-induced apoptosis associated with activation of p53 and inhibition of protein translation in T47D human breast cancer cells?
Are uterine leiomyosarcomas characterized by high p16 , p53 and MIB1 expression in comparison with usual leiomyomas , leiomyoma variants and smooth muscle tumours of uncertain malignant potential?
Do iDH1 or IDH2 mutations predict longer survival and response to temozolomide in low-grade gliomas?
Does selective killing of cancer cells by Ashwagandha leaf extract and its component Withanone involve ROS signaling?
Does sIRT1 undergo alternative splicing in a novel auto-regulatory loop with p53?
Is the NSAID sulindac chemopreventive in the mouse distal colon but carcinogenic in the proximal colon?
Is increased expression of Ki-67 in mantle cell lymphoma associated with de-regulation of several cell cycle regulatory components , as identified by global gene expression analysis?
Does pulmonary large cell neuroendocrine carcinoma demonstrate high proliferative activity?
Does [ p33 ( ING1b ) enhance chemosensitivity of osteosarcoma cell U2OS to etoposide ]?
Is evolution of somatic mutations in mammary tumors in transgenic mice influenced by the inherited genotype?
Does next-generation sequencing reveal frequent consistent genomic alterations in small cell undifferentiated lung cancer?
Does aliskiren ameliorate pressure overload-induced heart hypertrophy and fibrosis in mice?
Does p53MVA therapy in patients with refractory gastrointestinal malignancies elevate p53-specific CD8+ T-cell responses?
Does integrated analysis of mutation data from various sources identify key genes and signaling pathways in hepatocellular carcinoma?
Does cholesterol depletion induce transcriptional changes during skeletal muscle differentiation?
Is p53 nuclear accumulation associated with decreased disease-free survival in patients with node positive transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder?
Does tP53 genotype but not p53 immunohistochemical result predict response to preoperative short-term radiotherapy in rectal cancer?
Is nuclear to cytoplasmic compartment shift of the p33ING1b tumour suppressor protein associated with malignancy in melanocytic lesions?
Does downregulation of Hus1 by antisense oligonucleotides enhance the sensitivity of human lung carcinoma cells to cisplatin?
Are hematopoietic precursor cells within the yolk sac tumor component the source of secondary hematopoietic malignancies in patients with mediastinal germ cell tumors?
Is mutation of the p53 tumor-suppressor gene a feature of endometrial hyperplasias?
Does erythroblast transformation-specific 2 correlate with vascular smooth muscle cell apoptosis in rat heterotopic heart transplantation model?
Does up-Regulation of PKR Signaling Pathway by Ethanol display an Age of Onset-Dependent Relationship?
Does bmi-1 regulate stem cell-like properties of gastric cancer cells via modulating miRNAs?
Does eEF1Bγ bound the Che-1 and TP53 gene promoters and their transcripts?
Does next-generation sequencing add value to the preoperative diagnosis of pancreatic cysts?
Do cell-cycle markers improve discrimination of EORTC and CUETO risk models in predicting recurrence and progression of non-muscle-invasive high-grade bladder cancer?
Do bcl-2 expression and frequency of apoptosis correlate with morphogenesis of colorectal neoplasia?
Does m-ds-P21 induce cell apoptosis in bladder cancer T24 cells through P53 independent pathway?
Is tP53 p.R337H a conditional cancer-predisposing mutation : further evidence from a homozygous patient?
Is low penetrance susceptibility to glioma caused by the TP53 variant rs78378222?
Does trichostatin A protect against cisplatin-induced ototoxicity by regulating expression of genes related to apoptosis and synaptic function?
Does cyclin E facilitate dysplastic hepatocytes to bypass G1/S checkpoint in hepatocarcinogenesis?
Is cancer cells with p53 deletion detected by fluorescent in situ hybridization in peritoneal drainage fluid correlated with early peritoneal seeding in resectable pancreatic cancer?
Do dNA microarray and miRNA analyses reinforce the classification of follicular thyroid tumors?
Is doxorubicin-induced apoptosis in caspase-8-deficient neuroblastoma cells mediated through direct action on mitochondria?
Does software compensation improve the analysis of heterogeneous tumor samples stained for multiparameter DNA flow cytometry?
Is biopsy specimen microvessel density a useful prognostic marker in patients with T ( 2-4 ) M ( 0 ) esophageal cancer treated with chemoradiotherapy?
Is p14 methylation in human colon cancer associated with microsatellite instability and wild-type p53?
Do apoptosis and p53 expression in chondrocytes relate to degeneration in articular cartilage of immobilized knee joints?
Are chromosomal anomalies in oligodendroglial tumors correlated with clinical features?
Are p53 mutations associated with dysplasia and progression of dysplasia in patients with Crohn 's disease?
Are tGF-betaRII , BAX , IGFIIR , caspase-5 , hMSH3 and hMSH6 alterations associated with microsatellite instability or p53 mutations in invasive urothelial carcinoma of the urinary bladder?
Does an immune response gene expression module identify a good prognosis subtype in estrogen receptor negative breast cancer?
Is p21WAF1 expression associated with improved survival after adjuvant chemoradiation for pancreatic cancer?
Do telomerase activity in primary and secondary glioblastomas multiforme as a novel molecular tumor marker?
Is the highly malignant phenotype of anaplastic thyroid carcinoma cell lines recessive?
Does thymidine phosphorylase expression correlate with tumor differentiation and Bcl-2 in invasive breast cancer?
Does comprehensive Molecular Characterization of Salivary Duct Carcinoma reveal Actionable Targets and Similarity to Apocrine Breast Cancer?
Does gambogic Acid inhibit Malignant Melanoma Cell Proliferation Through Mitochondrial p66shc/ROS-p53/Bax-Mediated Apoptosis?
Does overexpression of p53 improve Blood Glucose Control in an Insulin Resistant Diabetic Mouse Model?
Does integrated Genomics reveal Convergent Transcriptomic Networks Underlying Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease and Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis?
Does iL-32α have differential effects on proliferation and apoptosis of human melanoma cell lines?
Does mDM2 Inhibition sensitize Prostate Cancer Cells to Androgen Ablation and Radiotherapy in a p53-Dependent Manner?
Is the secreted protein S100A7 ( psoriasin ) induced by telomere dysfunction in human keratinocytes independently of a DNA damage response and cell cycle regulators?
Is sonic hedgehog from pharyngeal arch 1 epithelium necessary for early mandibular arch cell survival and later cartilage condensation differentiation?
Does disruption of a regulatory loop between DUSP1 and p53 contribute to hepatocellular carcinoma development and progression?
Does bone marrow stroma-derived PGE2 protect BCP-ALL cells from DNA damage-induced p53 accumulation and cell death?
Does modulation of the pentose phosphate pathway alter phase I metabolism of testosterone and dextromethorphan in HepG2 cells?
Does oTUB1 de-ubiquitinating enzyme promote prostate cancer cell invasion in vitro and tumorigenesis in vivo?
Is very Long-term Survival Following Resection for Pancreatic Cancer Explained by Commonly Mutated Genes : Results of Whole-Exome Sequencing Analysis?
Does [ p14ARF enhance chemosensitivity to cisplatin in human osteosarcoma U2OS cells through p53 apoptotic pathway ]?
Does nerve growth factor reduce apoptotic cell death in rat facial motor neurons after facial nerve injury?
Does miR-29b define the pro-/anti-proliferative effects of S100A7 in breast cancer?
Does zoledronic acid produce antitumor effects on mesothelioma through apoptosis and S-phase arrest in p53-independent and Ras prenylation-independent manners?
Does aberrant expression of cell cycle regulatory genes predict overall and disease free survival in malignant pleural mesothelioma patients?
Is the Rho kinase inhibitor fasudil involved in p53-mediated apoptosis in human hepatocellular carcinoma cells?
Is alemtuzumab in combination with methylprednisolone a highly effective induction regimen for patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia and deletion of TP53 : final results of the national cancer research institute CLL206 trial?
Does galangin induce autophagy through upregulation of p53 in HepG2 cells?
Does immunohistochemistry panel segregate molecular types of hepatocellular carcinoma in Brazilian autopsy cases?
Does bifidobacterial recombinant thymidine kinase-ganciclovir gene therapy system induce FasL and TNFR2 mediated antitumor apoptosis in solid tumors?
Does integrative exploration of genomic profiles for triple negative breast cancer identify potential drug targets?
Does dEF6 expression in ovarian carcinoma correlate with poor patient survival?
Does casein kinase 1α have a non-redundant and dominant role within the CK1 family in melanoma progression?
Is interferon gamma-induced apoptosis of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma connected to indoleamine-2,3-dioxygenase via mitochondrial and ER stress-associated pathways?
Does fibroblast Growth Factor 12 be a Novel Regulator of Vascular Smooth Muscle Cell Plasticity and Fate?
Does high Dietary Selenium Intake alter Lipid Metabolism and Protein Synthesis in Liver and Muscle of Pigs?
Are anaplastic histology Wilms ' tumors registered to the Japan Wilms ' Tumor Study Group less aggressive than that in the National Wilms ' Tumor Study 5?
Do intratumoral genetic heterogeneity and number of cytogenetic aberrations provide additional prognostic significance in chronic lymphocytic leukemia?
Does recombinant Newcastle disease virus expressing P53 demonstrate promising antitumor efficiency in hepatoma model?
Is overexpression of BCL-x protein in primary breast cancer associated with high tumor grade and nodal metastases?
Is integrin regulation of polymorphonuclear leukocyte apoxis during hypoxia primarily dependent on very late activation antigens 3 and 5?
Do osteosarcoma cell lines display variable individual reactions on wildtype p53 and Rb tumour-suppressor transgenes?
Does prognostic implication of p53 protein expression in relation to nuclear pleomorphism and the MIB-1 count in breast cancer?
Does dynamin-2 regulate oxidized low-density lipoprotein-induced apoptosis of vascular smooth muscle cell?
Are keratinocytes in the depigmented epidermis of vitiligo more vulnerable to trauma ( suction ) than keratinocytes in the normally pigmented epidermis , resulting in their apoptosis?
Does expression of p27 in residual rectal cancer after preoperative chemoradiation predict long-term outcome?
Does 2-Methoxyestradiol induce cell cycle arrest and apoptosis of nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells?
Is the effect of adenovirus expressing wild-type p53 on 5-fluorouracil chemosensitivity related to p53 status in pancreatic cancer cell lines?
Does 2-Chloroethyl-3-sarcosinamide-1-nitrosourea ( SarCNU ) inhibit prostate carcinoma cell growth via p53-dependent and p53-independent pathways?
Does the SOD2 Val/Val genotype enhance the risk of nonsmall cell lung carcinoma by p53 and XRCC1 polymorphisms?
Is abnormal p53 immunohistochemistry associated with an increased colorectal cancer-related mortality in patients with ulcerative colitis?
Does cyclooxygenase-2 expression correlate with nuclear p53 accumulation in gastric carcinoma?
Is overexpression of osteopontin associated with intrahepatic metastasis , early recurrence , and poorer prognosis of surgically resected hepatocellular carcinoma?
Does macrophage-specific p53 expression play a crucial role in atherosclerosis development and plaque remodeling?
Does adenoviral melanoma differentiation-associated gene 7 induce apoptosis in lung cancer cells through mitochondrial permeability transition-independent cytochrome c release?
Does [ Cloning of p53/p21 fusion gene and it 's inhibitory effect on the growth in Tca8113 cells ]?
Is the prohibitin 3 ' untranslated region polymorphism associated with risk of ovarian cancer?
Does abrogation of early apoptosis alter late inhibition of hippocampal neurogenesis after irradiation?
Is oncogenic Smad3 signaling induced by chronic inflammation an early event in ulcerative colitis-associated carcinogenesis?
Does xenon pretreatment attenuate anesthetic-induced apoptosis in the developing brain in comparison with nitrous oxide and hypoxia?
Does fish oil supplementation reverse the effect of cholesterol on apoptotic gene expression in smooth muscle cells?
Does comparative Multi-Epitope-Ligand-Cartography reveal essential immunological alterations in Barrett 's metaplasia and esophageal adenocarcinoma?
Does low-dose 5-fluorouracil induce cell cycle G2 arrest and apoptosis in keloid fibroblasts?
Does gene expression profiling of mouse p53-deficient epidermal carcinoma define molecular determinants of human cancer malignancy?
Do measurement of cyclin E genomic copy number and strand length in cell-free DNA distinguish malignant versus benign effusions?
Do genetic variants in cell cycle control pathway confer susceptibility to lung cancer?
Does e2F-1 overexpression correlate with decreased proliferation and better prognosis in adenocarcinomas of Barrett oesophagus?
Is histologic grading an independent prognostic factor in invasive lobular carcinoma of the breast?
Are gastric and intestinal diffuse large B-cell lymphomas clinically and immunophenotypically different . An immunohistochemical and clinical study?
Does ewing sarcoma protein ewsr1 maintain mitotic integrity and proneural cell survival in the zebrafish embryo?
Is a novel nuclear factor-kappaB gene signature differentially expressed in head and neck squamous cell carcinomas in association with TP53 status?
Are gBM-associated mutations and altered protein expression more common in young patients?
Do expression of microRNA-370 in human breast cancer compare with normal samples?
Is tumour cell membrane laminin expression associated with basal-like phenotype and poor survival in Nigerian breast cancer?
Are sfP53 and filamentous actin ( F-actin ) the targets of viral pesticide AcMNPV-BmK IT ( P10/PH ) in host Spodoptera frugiperda 9 cells?
Are somatic mutations in plasma cell-free DNA diagnostic markers for esophageal squamous cell carcinoma recurrence?
Is p63 required beside p53 for PERP-mediated apoptosis in uveal melanoma?
Does neural tube development require the cooperation of p53- and Gadd45a-associated pathways?
Are human melanoma cells selected for resistance to apoptosis by prolonged exposure to tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand more vulnerable to necrotic cell death induced by cisplatin?
Does [ Apoptosis induce by exogenous nitric oxide in Tca8113 cells ]?
Do pTEN/MMAC1 mutations correlate inversely with an altered p53 tumor suppressor gene in gynecologic tumors?
Does c-Jun NH2-terminal kinase-dependent Fas activation contribute to etoposide-induced apoptosis in p53-mutated prostate cancer cells?
Does chromosome 4 hyperploidy represent an early genetic aberration in premalignant Barrett 's oesophagus?
Is bcl-2 significantly overexpressed in localized radio-recurrent prostate carcinoma , compared with localized radio-naive prostate carcinoma?
Are sNPs in genes implicated in radiation response associated with radiotoxicity and evoke roles as predictive and prognostic biomarkers?
Does the loss of the tumour-suppressor miR-145 result in the shorter disease-free survival of prostate cancer patients?
Is high intratumor genetic heterogeneity related to worse outcome in patients with head and neck squamous cell carcinoma?
Does activation of Akt pathway by transcription-independent mechanisms of retinoic acid promote survival and invasion in lung cancer cells?
Does high-LET radiation induce apoptosis in lymphoblastoid cell lines derived from atazia-telangiectasia patients?
Is anchorage-independent growth of p53-knockout dermal fibroblasts reversed by wild-type p53?
Is invasiveness of synovial fibroblasts regulated by p53 in the SCID mouse in vivo model of cartilage invasion?
Does myocardial regulation of p300 and p53 by doxorubicin involve ubiquitin pathways?
Are aurora A , Aurora B and survivin novel targets of transcriptional regulation by histone deacetylase inhibitors in non-small cell lung cancer?
Is preoperative chemotherapy safe in early breast cancer , even after 10 years of follow-up ; clinical and translational results from the EORTC trial 10902?
Do histone deacetylase inhibition and blockade of the glycolytic pathway synergistically induce glioblastoma cell death?
Do proximal and distal colorectal cancers show distinct gene-specific methylation profiles and clinical and molecular characteristics?
Does emodin induce apoptosis in human prostate cancer cell LNCaP?
Do dexamethasone 's prosurvival benefits in podocytes require extracellular signal-regulated kinase phosphorylation?
Does macrophage migration inhibitory factor activate hypoxia-inducible factor in a p53-dependent manner?
Are effects of a melanogenic bicyclic monoterpene diol on cell cycle , p53 , TNF-alpha , and PGE2 distinct from those of UVB?
Do prognostic significance of annexin VII expression in glioblastomas multiforme in humans?
Does antiangiogenic hypoxic cytotoxin TX-402 inhibit hypoxia-inducible factor 1 signaling pathway?
Is pTEN immunohistochemical expression suppressed in G1 endometrioid adenocarcinoma of the uterine corpus?
Are tP53 , BRCA1 , and BRCA2 tumor suppressor genes commonly mutated in survivors of Hodgkin 's disease with second primary neoplasms?
Does proteinase 3 sidestep caspases and cleaves p21 ( Waf1/Cip1/Sdi1 ) to induce endothelial cell apoptosis?
Is hER-2 overexpression an independent marker of poor prognosis of advanced primary ovarian carcinoma : a multicenter study of the GINECO group?
Is coexistence of HER2 over-expression and p53 protein accumulation a strong prognostic molecular marker in breast cancer?
Does five-lipoxygenase-activating protein inhibitor MK-886 induce apoptosis in gastric cancer through upregulation of p27kip1 and bax?
Does taxol-induced mitotic block trigger rapid onset of a p53-independent apoptotic pathway?
Is 53BP1 expression a modifier of the prognostic value of lymph node ratio and CA 19-9 in pancreatic adenocarcinoma?
Does hCMV activate the IL-6-JAK-STAT3 axis in HepG2 cells and primary human hepatocytes?
Does heme status affect human hepatic messenger RNA and microRNA expression?
Is pIK3CA mutation associated with a favorable prognosis among patients with curatively resected esophageal squamous cell carcinoma?
Does bioinformatics analysis reveal potential candidate drugs for cervical cancer?
Do effects of small interfering RNA inhibit Class I phosphoinositide 3-kinase on human gastric cancer cells?
Is silencing of HEPN1 responsible for the aggressive biological behavior of pituitary somatotroph adenomas?
Is p53-independent early and late apoptosis mediated by ceramide after exposure of tumor cells to photon or carbon ion irradiation?
Does genetic inhibition of the atypical kinase Wee1 selectively drive apoptosis of p53 inactive tumor cells?
Is cisplatin-induced renal injury independently mediated by OCT2 and p53?
Does tP53 status predict long-term survival in locally advanced breast cancer after primary chemotherapy?
Does gene-wide analysis detect two new susceptibility genes for Alzheimer 's disease?
Are growth arrest-specific transcript 5 associated snoRNA levels related to p53 expression and DNA damage in colorectal cancer?
Do structurally diverse MDM2-p53 antagonists act as modulators of MDR-1 function in neuroblastoma?
Does platelet factor 4 protect bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells from acute radiation injury?
Does eZH2 repress target genes through H3K27-dependent and H3K27-independent mechanisms in hepatocellular carcinoma?
Is rITA ( Reactivating p53 and Inducing Tumor Apoptosis ) efficient against TP53abnormal myeloma cells independently of the p53 pathway?
Does flow cytometry-based functional selection of RNA interference trigger for efficient epi-allelic analysis of therapeutic targets?
Does supplementation with conjugated linoeic acid decrease pig back fat deposition by inducing adipocyte apoptosis?
Does ataxin-3 expression correlate with the clinicopathologic features of gastric cancer?
Does altered ubiquitin-proteasome system lead to neuronal cell death in a spontaneous obese rat model?
Does bortezomib treatment cause long-term testicular dysfunction in young male mice?
Is mdm2 protein expression strongly associated with survival in malignant pleural mesothelioma?
Does kPT-330 have antitumour activity against non-small cell lung cancer?
Does berberine-induced tumor suppressor p53 up-regulation got involved in the regulatory network of MIR-23a in hepatocellular carcinoma?
Is panel based MALDI-TOF tumour profiling a sensitive method for detecting mutations in clinical non small cell lung cancer tumour?
Does comprehensive analysis of copy number and allele status identify multiple chromosome defects underlying follicular lymphoma pathogenesis?
Does phenylbutyrate sensitize human glioblastoma cells lacking wild-type p53 function to ionizing radiation?
Does extracellular matrix induce doxorubicin-resistance in human osteosarcoma cells by suppression of p53 function?
Do bax and Bcl-2 expressions predict response to radiotherapy in human cervical cancer?
Does adenoviral p53 gene transfer inhibit human Tenon 's capsule fibroblast proliferation?
Does pGE2 signal through EP2 promote the growth of articular chondrocytes?
Is p16 immunoreactivity an independent predictor of tumor progression in minimally invasive urothelial bladder carcinoma?
Is p53CM1 expression associated with prognosis in uterine cervical carcinoma?
Does p53/p66Shc-mediated signaling contribute to the progression of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in humans and mice?
Do navitoclax ( ABT-263 ) and bendamustine ± rituximab induce enhanced killing of non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma tumours in vivo?
Do human papillomavirus type 18 E6 and E7 genes integrate into human hepatoma derived cell line Hep G2?
Is low expression of IGFBP7 associated with poor outcome of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma?
Does genome-wide DNA methylation analysis of lung carcinoma reveal one neuroendocrine and four adenocarcinoma epitypes associated with patient outcome?
Is overexpression of the ITGAV gene associated with progression and spread of colorectal cancer?
Does dNA methylation profiling in the Carolina Breast Cancer Study define cancer subclasses differing in clinicopathologic characteristics and survival?
Does verbascoside promote apoptosis by regulating HIPK2-p53 signaling in human colorectal cancer?
Does saikosaponin-d inhibit proliferation of human undifferentiated thyroid carcinoma cells through induction of apoptosis and cell cycle arrest?
Does lack of thrombospondin-1 increase angiogenesis in a model of chronic inflammatory bowel disease?
Is the oxidative stress adaptor p66Shc required for permanent embryo arrest in vitro?
Does the potential anticancer agent PK11195 induce apoptosis irrespective of p53 and ATM status in chronic lymphocytic leukemia cells?
Is forkhead box A1 expression in breast cancer associated with luminal subtype and good prognosis?
Does activation of protein kinase Cepsilon stimulate DNA-repair via epidermal growth factor receptor nuclear accumulation?
Do p53 and PPP1R13L ( alias iASPP or RAI ) form a feedback loop to regulate genotoxic stress responses?
Is lung adenocarcinoma from East Asian never-smokers a disease largely defined by targetable oncogenic mutant kinases?
Does pharmacological inhibition of cyclin dependent kinases cause p53 dependent apoptosis in renal cell carcinoma?
Does suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid induce apoptosis and sub-G1 arrest of 320 HSR colon cancer cells?
Does matrine inhibit vascular smooth muscle cell proliferation by modulating the expression of cell cycle regulatory genes?
Is p53 overexpression an independent prognostic factor for patients with primary ovarian epithelial cancer?
Does the bcl-2 gene product prevent programmed cell death of ventricular myocytes?
Is p53 protein overexpression common and independent of human papillomavirus infection in squamous cell carcinoma of the vulva?
Does titanium dioxide nanoparticle-induced oxidative stress trigger DNA damage and hepatic injury in mice?
Do hnRNP C1/C2 and Pur-beta proteins mediate induction of senescence by oligonucleotides homologous to the telomere overhang?
Is high expression of AT-rich interactive domain 3A ( ARID3A ) associated with good prognosis in colorectal carcinoma?
Are reduction of proliferation and induction of apoptosis associated with shrinkage of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma due to neoadjuvant chemotherapy?
Does oleuropein induce apoptosis via the p53 pathway in breast cancer cells?
Does recombinant adenovirus-p53 ( Gendicine ) sensitize a pancreatic carcinoma cell line to radiation?
Is tIGAR correlated with maximal standardized uptake value on FDG-PET and survival in non-small cell lung cancer?
Does peroxiredoxin I play a protective role against UVA irradiation through reduction of oxidative stress?
Does metformin modulate hyperglycaemia-induced endothelial senescence and apoptosis through SIRT1?
Does p115 promote growth of gastric cancer through interaction with macrophage migration inhibitory factor?
Does qi-Dan Fang ameliorate adriamycin-induced nephrotic syndrome rat model by enhancing renal function and inhibiting podocyte injury?
Does inhibition of eIF5A result in aberrant uterine natural killer cell function and embryo loss in mice?
Does rNA-binding protein RBM24 regulate p63 expression via mRNA stability?
Does pOSTN/TGFBI-associated stromal signature predict poor prognosis in serous epithelial ovarian cancer?
Does oral administration of oleuropein attenuate cisplatin-induced acute renal injury in mice through inhibition of ERK signaling?
Does sTAT1 inhibit human hepatocellular carcinoma cell growth through induction of p53 and Fbxw7?
Does baicalein alleviate doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity via suppression of myocardial oxidative stress and apoptosis in mice?
Is cytoprotection by WR-1065 , the active form of amifostine , independent of p53 status in human malignant glioma cell lines?
Are radiation-induced tissue abnormalities in fetal brain related to apoptosis immediately after irradiation?
Is overexpression of p53 in squamous cell carcinoma of the tongue in young patients with no known risk factors associated with mutations in exons 5-9?
Is lymph vascular invasion in invasive mammary carcinomas identified by the endothelial lymphatic marker D2-40 associated with other indicators of poor prognosis?
Does frequent overexpression of Aurora Kinase A in upper gastrointestinal adenocarcinomas correlate with potent antiapoptotic functions?
Does mRI texture analysis predict p53 status in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma?
Does high dose ionizing radiation regulate micro RNA and gene expression changes in human peripheral blood mononuclear cells?
Does [ Phosphorylation status of ASPP2 modulate p53 apoptotic function in oxaliplatin-induced apoptosis of colorectal cancer HCT116 cells ]?
Does pyrrolidinedithiocarbamate increase the therapeutic index of 5-fluorouracil in a mouse model?
Does adenovirus lacking the 19-kDa and 55-kDa E1B genes exert a marked cytotoxic effect in human malignant cells?
Does p53 gene protein overexpression predict results of trimodality therapy in esophageal cancer patients?
Does reduced MLH1 expression in breast tumors after primary chemotherapy predict disease-free survival?
Is p53 accumulation a prognostic factor in intestinal-type gastric carcinoma but not in the diffuse type?
Is loss of heterozygosity detected at chromosomes 1p35-36 ( NB ) , 3p25 ( VHL ) , 16p13 ( TSC2/PKD1 ) , and 17p13 ( TP53 ) in microdissected apocrine carcinomas of the breast?
Do tP53 mutations correlate with locoregional recurrence in stage I tongue carcinomas?
Does cyclin D1 and p53 overexpression predict multiple primary malignant neoplasms of the hypopharynx and esophagus?
Is sarcomatoid carcinoma of the prostate : progression from adenocarcinoma associated with p53 over-expression?
Does miRNA-135a promote breast cancer cell migration and invasion by targeting HOXA10?
Is human homologue for Caenorhabditis elegans CUL-4 protein overexpression associated with malignant potential of epithelial ovarian tumours and poor outcome in carcinoma?
Do inactivation of both FHIT and p53 cooperate in deregulating proliferation-related pathways in lung cancer?
Do specific chromosomal IG translocations have different prognoses in chronic lymphocytic leukemia?
Does inhibition of Mammalian target of rapamycin by rapamycin cause the regression of carcinogen-induced skin tumor lesions?
Is arsenic induced apoptosis in malignant melanoma cells enhanced by menadione through ROS generation , p38 signaling and p53 activation?
Does bexarotene activate the p53/p73 pathway in human cutaneous T-cell lymphoma?
Does pUMA sensitize lung cancer cells to chemotherapeutic agents and irradiation?
Does pathologic expression of p53 or p16 in preoperative curettage specimens identify high-risk endometrial carcinomas?
Do biological characteristics in bladder cancer depend on the type of genetic instability?
Does tetrahydrobiopterin protect against Radiation-induced Growth Inhibition in H9c2 Cardiomyocytes?
Does oxyresveratrol activate parallel apoptotic and autophagic cell death pathways in neuroblastoma cells?
Are iDH1 mutations in grade II astrocytomas associated with unfavorable progression-free survival and prolonged postrecurrence survival?
Does notch1 regulate the effects of matrix metalloproteinase-9 on colitis-associated cancer in mice?
Do 18beta-glycyrrhetinic acid and glabridin prevent oxidative DNA fragmentation in UVB-irradiated human keratinocyte cultures?
Does expression of RAD51 , BRCA1 and P53 correlate with cellular radiosensitivity of normal human fibroblasts?
Does ursolic acid induce human hepatoma cell line SMMC-7721 apoptosis via p53-dependent pathway?
Does luteolin ameliorate cisplatin-induced acute kidney injury in mice by regulation of p53-dependent renal tubular apoptosis?
Does cryptotanshinone have diverse effects on cell cycle events in melanoma cell lines with different metastatic capacity?
Is the expression pattern of MUC1 ( EMA ) related to tumour characteristics and clinical outcome of invasive ductal breast carcinoma?
Does absence of Smad3 confer radioprotection through modulation of ERK-MAPK in primary dermal fibroblasts?
Does pEDF induce p53-mediated apoptosis through PPAR gamma signaling in human umbilical vein endothelial cells?
Is the expression pattern of MUC1 ( EMA ) related to tumour characteristics and clinical outcome in 'pure ' ductal carcinoma in situ of the breast?
Are deletions of N33 , STK11 and TP53 involved in the development of lymph node metastasis in larynx and pharynx carcinomas?
Does low expression of Bax predict poor prognosis in patients with locally advanced esophageal cancer treated with definitive chemoradiotherapy?
Does [ FRIL maintain quiescence of hematopoietic stem cells through regulation of cell cycle related factors ]?
Is altered subcellular localization of suppressin , a novel inhibitor of cell-cycle entry , an independent prognostic factor in colorectal adenocarcinomas?
Are systems biology-defined NF-kappaB regulons , interacting signal pathways and networks implicated in the malignant phenotype of head and neck cancer cell lines differing in p53 status?
Is interaction of Helicobacter pylori with gastric epithelial cells mediated by the p53 protein family?
Is p21 ( Cip1 ) expression increased in ambient oxygen , compared to estimated physiological ( 5 % ) levels in rat muscle precursor cell culture?
Does high expression of Polycomb group protein EZH2 predict poor survival in salivary gland adenoid cystic carcinoma?
Is hypermethylation of the thrombospondin-1 gene associated with poor prognosis in penile squamous cell carcinoma?
Is aurora kinase B an independent protective factor in superficial bladder tumours with a dysfunctional G1 checkpoint?
Are higher levels of thymidylate synthase gene expression observed in pulmonary as compared with hepatic metastases of colorectal adenocarcinoma?
Does inhibition of epidermal growth factor receptor kinase induce protease-dependent apoptosis in human colon cancer cells?
Does thyroid hormone depletion inhibit astrocytoma proliferation via a p53-independent induction of p21 ( WAF1/CIP1 )?
Is immunoperoxidase staining for cytokeratins 8 and 18 very sensitive for detection of occult node metastasis of colorectal cancer : a comparison with genetic analysis of K-ras?
Do polymeric black tea polyphenols inhibit mouse skin chemical carcinogenesis by decreasing cell proliferation?
Does overexpression of HIPK2 circumvent the blockade of apoptosis in chemoresistant ovarian cancer cells?
Do fibroblast growth factor 2 and estrogen control the balance of histone 3 modifications targeting MAGE-A3 in pituitary neoplasia?
Does irradiation as preparative regimen for hepatocyte transplantation cause prolonged cell cycle block?
Are plasma DNA , microsatellite alterations , and p53 tumor mutations associated with disease-free survival in radically resected non-small cell lung cancer patients : a study of the perugia multidisciplinary team for thoracic oncology?
Does verapamil prevent the apoptotic and hemodynamic changes in response to unilateral ureteral obstruction?
Are genetic variants in germline TP53 and MDM2 SNP309 associated with early onset colorectal cancer?
Does p53 stratification reveal the prognostic utility of matrix metalloproteinase-9 protein expression in glioblastoma?
Does activation of insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor regulate the radiation-induced lung cancer cell apoptosis?
Does down-Regulated NRSN2 promote Cell Proliferation and Survival Through PI3K/Akt/mTOR Pathway in Hepatocellular Carcinoma?
Are cytotoxic effects of replication-competent adenoviruses on human esophageal carcinoma enhanced by forced p53 expression?
Does relationship between epithelial and stromal TRIM28 expression predict survival in colorectal cancer patients?
Is iDH/MGMT-driven molecular classification of low-grade glioma a strong predictor for long-term survival?
Does aging of in vitro pulp illustrate change of inflammation and dentinogenesis?
Does establishment and characterization of the first pediatric adrenocortical carcinoma xenograft model identify topotecan as a potential chemotherapeutic agent?
Does p53 immunohistochemical expression correlate with clinical features in 207 carcinomas of the oral cavity and in the head and neck region?
Do tea polyphenols enhance cisplatin chemosensitivity in cervical cancer cells via induction of apoptosis?
Does multiparameter DNA content analysis identify distinct groups in primary breast cancer?
Does cRM1 blockade by selective inhibitors of nuclear export attenuate kidney cancer growth?
Do potential tumorigenic programs associated with TP53 mutation status reveal role of VEGF pathway?
Are polymorphisms in the p63 and p73 genes associated with ovarian cancer risk and clinicopathological variables?
Is down regulation of CAII associated with tumor differentiation and poor prognosis in patients with pancreatic cancer?
Do gene polymorphisms predict toxicity to neoadjuvant therapy in patients with rectal cancer?
Is iRF-1 expression induced by cisplatin in ovarian cancer cells and limits drug effectiveness?
Is mATH , a novel measure of intratumor genetic heterogeneity , high in poor-outcome classes of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma?
Is high expression of P53-induced Ring-h2 protein associated with poor prognosis in clear cell renal cell carcinoma?
Does crocetin induce cytotoxicity in colon cancer cells via p53-independent mechanisms?
Is [ Genetic polymorphism in MDM2 associated with susceptibility to colorectal cancer in a Chinese population ]?
Does nF-KappaB expression correlate with apoptosis and angiogenesis in clear cell renal cell carcinoma tissues?
Is rNAa conserved in mammalian cells?
Does blocking angiotensin II Type 1 receptor trigger apoptotic cell death in human pancreatic cancer cells?
Is cancer cell sensitivity to bortezomib associated with survivin expression and p53 status but not cancer cell types?
Does clonality assessment and clonal ordering of individual neoplastic crypts show polyclonality of colorectal adenomas?
Does oral cancer overexpressed 1 ( ORAOV1 ) regulate cell cycle and apoptosis in cervical cancer HeLa cells?
Does serial bone marrow transplantation reveal in vivo expression of the pCLPG retroviral vector?
Does geniposide inhibit CoCl2-induced PC12 cells death via the mitochondrial pathway?
Is the emphysematous lung abnormally sensitive to TRAIL-mediated apoptosis?
Does mMP-1 expression have an independent prognostic value in breast cancer?
Do a phase I first-in-human pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic study of serdemetan in patients with advanced solid tumors?
Does silencing nuclear pore protein Tpr elicit a senescent-like phenotype in cancer cells?
Does [ RNA Interference targeting GRP75 decrease cisplatin resistance in human lung adenocarcinoma cell ]?
Do chalcone-imidazolone conjugates induce apoptosis through DNA damage pathway by affecting telomeres?
Is combined KRAS and TP53 mutation status predictive in CAPOX-treated metastatic colorectal cancer?
Does inhibition of MDM2 attenuate neointimal hyperplasia via suppression of vascular proliferation and inflammation?
Is tetraspanin CD151 a novel prognostic marker in poor outcome endometrial cancer?
Is brain-specific angiogenesis inhibitor 1 a putative factor for inhibition of neovascular formation in renal cell carcinoma?
Does klotho protein diminish endothelial apoptosis and senescence via a mitogen-activated kinase pathway?
Does increased expression of transcription factor TFAP2α correlate with chemosensitivity in advanced bladder cancer?
Does mitochondrial calcium regulate rat liver regeneration through the modulation of apoptosis?
Is trophoblast apoptosis from pregnancies complicated by fetal growth restriction associated with enhanced p53 expression?
Is aberrant p16 ( INK4A ) and DPC4/Smad4 expression in intraductal papillary mucinous tumours of the pancreas associated with invasive ductal adenocarcinoma?
Is cyclo-oxygenase 2 expression associated with angiogenesis and lymph node metastasis in human breast cancer?
Does the spectrum of p53 mutations in colorectal adenomas differ from that in colorectal carcinomas?
Do distinct sets of gene alterations in endometrial carcinoma implicate alternate modes of tumorigenesis?
Does tNF-alpha promote caspase activation and apoptosis in human fetal membranes?
Does endothelin receptor antagonism attenuate cardiomyocyte apoptosis after induction of ischemia in rats?
Is vitamin D receptor ( VDR ) expression a prognostic factor in cervical cancer?
Does oxidative stress mediate radiation lung injury by inducing apoptosis?
Is cisplatin benefit predicted by immunohistochemical analysis of DNA repair proteins in squamous cell carcinoma but not adenocarcinoma : theranostic modeling by NSCLC constituent histological subclasses?
Does p53 status predict initial clinical response to bacillus Calmette-Guerin intravesical therapy in T1 bladder tumors?
Is proapoptotic gene BAX frequently mutated in hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancers but not in adenomas?
Do elevated ribonucleotide reductase levels associate with suppressed radiochemotherapy response in human cervical cancers?
Does targeting SPARC by lentivirus-mediated RNA interference inhibit cervical cancer cell growth and metastasis?
Does superTAG methylation-specific digital karyotyping reveal uremia-induced epigenetic dysregulation of atherosclerosis-related genes?
Does down-regulated P53 by siRNA increase Smad4 's activity in promoting cell apoptosis in MCF-7 cells?
Does streptococcal erythrogenic toxin B induce apoptosis and proliferation in human leukocytes?
Are p53 mutations in primary tumors and subsequent liver metastases related to survival in patients with colorectal carcinoma who undergo liver resection?
Does methamphetamine potentiate ischemia/reperfusion insults after transient middle cerebral artery ligation?
Is interleukin-6 an important mediator for mitochondrial DNA repair after alcoholic liver injury in mice?
Does the candidate tumor suppressor gene ECRG4 inhibit cancer cells migration and invasion in esophageal carcinoma?
Is strong cytoplasmic expression of COX2 at the invasive fronts of gallbladder cancer associated with a poor prognosis?
Is functional p53 required for effective execution of telomerase inhibition in BCR-ABL-positive CML cells?
Is retinoic acid metabolizing enzyme CYP26A1 implicated in rat embryo implantation?
Do aurora-A overexpression and aneuploidy predict poor outcome in serous ovarian carcinoma?
Does glycerol as a chemical chaperone enhance radiation-induced apoptosis in anaplastic thyroid carcinoma cells?
Does dNA damage during mitosis in human cells delay the metaphase/anaphase transition via the spindle-assembly checkpoint?
Do p53 and p21 form an inducible barrier that protects cells against cyclin E-cdk2 deregulation?
Are specific p53 immunostaining patterns associated with smoking habits in patients with oral squamous cell carcinomas?
Are p53 and c-erbB-2 but not bcl-2 predictive of metastasis-free survival in breast cancer patients receiving post-mastectomy adjuvant radiotherapy in Taiwan?
Is radiation-induced apoptosis in human non-small-cell lung cancer cell lines secondary to cell-cycle progression beyond the G2-phase checkpoint?
Does estradiol reverse TGF-beta1-induced mesangial cell apoptosis by a casein kinase 2-dependent mechanism?
Does loss of Bcl-2 expression correlate with tumour recurrence in colorectal cancer?
Are bile duct cells in primary biliary cirrhosis 'primed ' for apoptosis?
Do multiple genetic loci modify risk for retinoblastoma in transgenic mice?
Does increased p53 protein correlate to p53 gene mutations in microdissected human testicular germ cell tumors?
Does splenectomy enhance the therapeutic effect of adipose tissue-derived mesenchymal stem cell infusion on cirrhosis rats?
Does electro-hyperthermia inhibit glioma tumorigenicity through the induction of E2F1-mediated apoptosis?
Does reduced expression of EI24 confer resistance to gefitinib through IGF-1R signaling in PC9 NSCLC cells?
Does aberrant expression of CDK5 infer poor outcomes for nasopharyngeal carcinoma patients?
Is stromal immune infiltration in HIV-related diffuse large B-cell lymphoma associated with HIV disease history and patient survival?
Is a Prognostic Gene Expression Signature in the Molecular Classification of Chemotherapy-naïve Urothelial Cancer Predictive of Clinical Outcomes from Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy : A Phase 2 Trial of Dose-dense Methotrexate , Vinblastine , Doxorubicin , and Cisplatin with Bevacizumab in Urothelial Cancer?
Are epigenetic and genetic alterations in duodenal carcinomas distinct from biliary and ampullary carcinomas?
Does survivin gene expression positively correlate with proliferative activity of cancer cells in esophageal cancer?
Does p53 mutation but not p16/MTS1 mutation occur in intraductal papillary mucinous tumors of the pancreas?
Is cholesteatoma epithelium characterized by increased expression of Ki-67 , p53 and p21 , with minimal apoptosis?
Is molecular grading of urothelial cell carcinoma with fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 and MIB-1 superior to pathologic grade for the prediction of clinical outcome?
Does quercetin enhance 5-fluorouracil-induced apoptosis in MSI colorectal cancer cells through p53 modulation?
Does notch1 differentially regulate oncogenesis by wildtype p53 overexpression and p53 mutation in grade III hepatocellular carcinoma?
Are proteins ZNF198 and SUZ12 down-regulated in hepatitis B virus ( HBV ) X protein-mediated hepatocyte transformation and in HBV replication?
Does bortezomib prime neuroblastoma cells for TRAIL-induced apoptosis by linking the death receptor to the mitochondrial pathway?
Is murine rhabdomyosarcoma immunogenic and responsive to T-cell-based immunotherapy?
Is radiation-induced apoptosis of human prostate cancer cells independent of mutant p53 overexpression?
Is immunohistochemical p53 protein status in nonsmall cell lung cancer a promising indicator in determining in vitro chemosensitivity to some anticancer drugs?
Does analysis of 7 immunohistochemical markers in male germ cell tumors demonstrate the prognostic significance of p53 and MIB-1?
Does high molecular weight hyaluronan decrease UVB-induced apoptosis and inflammation in human epithelial corneal cells?
Does twist1-mediated adriamycin-induced epithelial-mesenchymal transition relate to multidrug resistance and invasive potential in breast cancer cells?
Does prognostic significance of p53 codon 72 polymorphism differ with race in colorectal adenocarcinoma?
Does expression of the antiapoptosis gene Survivin predict poor prognosis of stage III gastric adenocarcinoma?
Does phiC31 integrase induce a DNA damage response and chromosomal rearrangements in human adult fibroblasts?
Does reduction in mortalin level by its antisense expression cause senescence-like growth arrest in human immortalized cells?
Are bax to Bcl-2 ratio and Ki-67 index useful predictors of neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy in bladder cancer?
Are adenomatous colonic polyps rare in ulcerative colitis?
Does rapamycin inhibit human in stent restenosis vascular smooth muscle cells independently of pRB phosphorylation and p53?
Is survivin-directed RNA interference cocktail a potent suppressor of tumour growth in vivo?
Does ki67 and p53 immunohistochemistry reduce interobserver variation in assessment of Barrett 's oesophagus?
Does flavopiridol administered as a 24-hour continuous infusion in chronic lymphocytic leukemia lack clinical activity?
Is p14ARF protein expression a predictor of both relapse and survival in squamous cell carcinoma of the anterior tongue?
Do splicing variants of the orphan G-protein-coupled receptor GPR56 regulate the activity of transcription factors associated with tumorigenesis?
Does dicoumarol enhance doxorubicin-induced cytotoxicity in p53 wild-type urothelial cancer cells through p38 activation?
Are allelic imbalance at p53 and microsatellite instability predictive markers for resistance to chemotherapy in gastric carcinoma?
Are sMAD4 gene mutations associated with poor prognosis in pancreatic cancer?
Does high-throughput genotyping in metastatic esophageal squamous cell carcinoma identify phosphoinositide-3-kinase and BRAF mutations?
Does cluster analysis of mRNA expression levels identify multiple sequential patterns following focal cerebral ischemia?
Does endoplasmic reticulum stress stimulate p53 expression through NF-κB activation?
Does microRNA-34a modulate MDM4 expression via a target site in the open reading frame?
Does oridonin induce apoptosis and autophagy in murine fibrosarcoma L929 cells partly via NO-ERK-p53 positive-feedback loop signaling pathway?
Does p53 orchestrate the PGC-1α-mediated antioxidant response upon mild redox and metabolic imbalance?
Does a novel volume-age-KPS ( VAK ) glioblastoma classification identify a prognostic cognate microRNA-gene signature?
Does fasudil decrease lesion burden in a murine model of cerebral cavernous malformation disease?
Is hypoxia inducible factor-1 alpha expression increased in infected positive HPV16 DNA oral squamous cell carcinoma and positively associated with HPV16 E7 oncoprotein?
Is outcome of the p53-mediated DNA damage response in neuroblastoma determined by morphological subtype and MYCN expression?
Do different subtypes of intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm in the pancreas have distinct pathways to pancreatic cancer progression?
Is the FSHD atrophic myotube phenotype caused by DUX4 expression?
Does wIP1 enhance tumor formation in a sonic hedgehog-dependent model of medulloblastoma?
Is decreased xanthine oxidoreductase ( XOR ) associated with a worse prognosis in patients with serous ovarian carcinoma?
Does transcriptional gene silencing of HPV16 E6/E7 induce growth inhibition via apoptosis in vitro and in vivo?
Do human ovarian surface epithelial cells immortalized with hTERT maintain functional pRb and p53 expression?
Does expression of excision repair cross-complementation group 1 protein predict poor outcome in patients with small cell lung cancer?
Is p21WAF1/CIP1 expression in colorectal carcinomas related to Kras mutations and prognosis?
Is p53-Rb signaling pathway involved in tubular cell senescence in renal ischemia/reperfusion injury?
Do microsatellite abnormalities and somatic down-regulation of mismatch repair characterize nodular-trabecular muscle-invasive urothelial carcinoma of the bladder?
Does urodele p53 tolerate amino acid changes found in p53 variants linked to human cancer?
Do cell cycle regulators show diagnostic and prognostic utility for differentiated thyroid cancer?
Does [ Human cytomegalovirus inhibit proliferation of duct epithelial cells of human salivary gland ]?
Is radiosensitivity predicted by DNA end-binding complex density , but not by nuclear levels of band components?
Do activation of Akt and ERK signalling pathways induced by etoposide confer chemoresistance in gastric cancer cells?
Does gene expression of ferredoxin reductase predict outcome in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer treated by 5-fluorouracil plus leucovorin?
Does the antidiabetic drug ciglitazone induce high grade bladder cancer cells apoptosis through the up-regulation of TRAIL?
Are polymorphisms of TP53 markers of bladder cancer vulnerability and prognosis?
Is adenoviral vector driven by a minimal Rad51 promoter selective for p53-deficient tumor cells?
Does chromosome 1p/19q status combined with expression of p53 protein improve the diagnostic and prognostic evaluation of oligodendrogliomas?
Does epstein-Barr virus Latent Membrane Protein LMP1 reduce p53 protein levels independent of the PI3K-Akt pathway?
Does methotrexate increase expression of cell cycle checkpoint genes via JNK activation?
Does adenosine promote GATA-2-regulated p53 gene transcription to induce HepG2 cell apoptosis?
Does aTM kinase inhibition preferentially sensitize p53-mutant glioma to ionizing radiation?
Is autophagy of cancer stem cells involved with chemoresistance of colon cancer cells?
Is pI3K/mTOR inhibitor PF-04691502 antitumor activity enhanced with induction of wild-type TP53 in human xenograft and murine knockout models of head and neck cancer?
Are components of the canonical and non-canonical Wnt pathways mis-expressed in pituitary tumors?
Does eRCC1 predict outcome in patients with gastric cancer treated with adjuvant cisplatin-based chemotherapy?
Does prima-1 induce apoptosis in bladder cancer cell lines by activating p53?
Are tumor growth pattern and thymidine phosphorylase expression related with the risk of hematogenous metastasis in patients with Astler Coller B1/B2 colorectal carcinoma?
Are molecular markers predictors of recurrence and survival in patients with Dukes B and Dukes C colorectal adenocarcinoma?
Is tP53 mutation related to poor prognosis after radiotherapy , but not surgery , in squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck?
Is allelic loss of chromosome 2p21-16.3 associated with reduced survival in sporadic colorectal cancer?
Is rod and cone degeneration in the rd mouse p53 independent?
Does p53 Mutation status predict pathological response to chemoradiotherapy in locally advanced esophageal cancer?
Is the location of lymphangiogenesis an independent prognostic factor in rectal cancers with or without preoperative radiotherapy?
Is dCF ( docetaxel , cisplatin and 5-fluorouracil ) chemotherapy a promising treatment for recurrent advanced squamous cell anal carcinoma?
Does sILAC-based phosphoproteomics reveal an inhibitory role of KSR1 in p53 transcriptional activity via modulation of DBC1?
Is higher anti-tumour efficacy of platinum ( IV ) complex LA-12 associated with its ability to bypass M-phase entry block induced in oxaliplatin-treated human colon cancer cells?
Does shikonin inhibit thyroid cancer cell growth and invasiveness through targeting major signaling pathways?
Do cHK1 levels correlate with sensitization to pemetrexed by CHK1 inhibitors in non-small cell lung cancer cells?
Is aberrant expression of EZH2 associated with pathological findings and P53 alteration?
Does expression of TP53 mutation-associated microRNAs predict clinical outcome in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma patients?
Does whole-genome sequencing analysis identify a distinctive mutational spectrum in an arsenic-related lung tumor?
Is p53 alteration in oral tongue cancer significantly associated with age at diagnosis or tobacco exposure?
Is survivin expression an independent prognostic factor in rectal cancer patients with and without preoperative radiotherapy?
Does p53 protein accumulation in colorectal cancer tissue have prognostic value only in left-sided colon tumours?
Do cD133 positive endothelial progenitor cells contribute to the tumour vasculature in non-small cell lung cancer?
Are reduced levels of the adenomatous polyposis coli ( APC ) protein associated with ceramide-induced apoptosis of colon cancer cells?
Is overexpression of hypoxia-inducible factor 1alpha associated with an unfavorable prognosis in lymph node-positive breast cancer?
Is loss of DCC gene expression of prognostic importance in acute myelogenous leukemia?
Does the combined evaluation of p27Kip1 and Ki-67 expression provide independent information on overall survival of ovarian carcinoma patients?
Is the expression of murine double minute 2 a favorable prognostic marker in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma without p53 protein accumulation?
Does epidermal growth factor receptor targeting of replication competent adenovirus enhance cytotoxicity in bladder cancer?
Is coexpression of Ets-1 and p53 in oral carcinomas associated with P-glycoprotein expression and poor prognosis?
Does a preclinical model of minimal residual cancer in the muscle highlight challenges associated with adenovirus-mediated p53 gene transfer?
Is survivin overexpression in hepatocellular carcinoma associated with p53 dysregulation?
Is increased p53 immunopositivity in anaplastic medulloblastoma and supratentorial PNET caused by JC virus?
Is retention of the p53 codon 72 arginine allele associated with a reduction of disease-free and overall survival in arginine/proline heterozygous breast cancer patients?
Does low expression of Bax predict poor prognosis in resected non-small cell lung cancer patients with non-squamous histology?
Does overexpression of interleukin-1beta in the murine pancreas result in chronic pancreatitis?
Do mEN1 missense mutations impair sensitization to apoptosis induced by wild-type menin in endocrine pancreatic tumor cells?
Is the functional loss of the retinoblastoma tumour suppressor a common event in basal-like and luminal B breast carcinomas?
Does targeting pro-apoptotic trail receptors sensitize HeLa cervical cancer cells to irradiation-induced apoptosis?
Does targeting tumor stroma using engineered mesenchymal stem cells reduce the growth of pancreatic carcinoma?
Is lymphocytic reaction to colorectal cancer associated with longer survival , independent of lymph node count , microsatellite instability , and CpG island methylator phenotype?
Do akt inhibitors induce apoptosis in chronic lymphocytic leukemia cells?
Does gene expression profiling of endometrial adenocarcinomas reveal increased apolipoprotein E expression in poorly differentiated tumors?
Are cyclinD1 and interleukin-1 receptor antagonist polymorphisms associated with prognosis in neoadjuvant-treated gastric carcinoma?
Is negative lymph node count associated with survival of colorectal cancer patients , independent of tumoral molecular alterations and lymphocytic reaction?
Do human IgG antibody profiles differentiate between symptomatic patients with and without colorectal cancer?
Does [ Berbamine induce apoptosis of multiple myeloma RPMI 8226 cells by activating GADD45/JNK pathway ]?
Does cOLD-PCR-enhanced high-resolution melting enable rapid and selective identification of low-level unknown mutations?
Is the position of the amino group on the benzene ring critical for mesalamine 's improvement of replication fidelity?
Does arsenic exposure predict bladder cancer survival in a US population?
Does absence of p53-dependent apoptosis combined with nonhomologous end-joining deficiency lead to a severe diabetic phenotype in mice?
Is the Arg72 variant of the p53 functional polymorphism ( rs1042522 ) associated with coronary artery disease in young South Africans of Indian ancestry?
Does amyloid β Protein aggravate Neuronal Senescence and Cognitive Deficits in 5XFAD Mouse Model of Alzheimer 's Disease?
Does acute intravenous infusion of an adenosine regulating agent improve left ventricular function in dogs with advanced heart failure?
Does parthenolide complement the cell death-inducing activity of doxorubicin in melanoma cells?
Does tissue-specific RNA-Seq in human evoked inflammation identify blood and adipose LincRNA signatures of cardiometabolic diseases?
Does hsp90 inhibition enhance PI-3 kinase inhibition and radiosensitivity in glioblastoma?
Is preeclampsia associated with alterations in the p53-pathway in villous trophoblast?
Does expression of DNA repair proteins in endometrial cancer predict disease outcome?
Does lipocalin 2 enhance Migration and Resistance against Cisplatin in Endometrial Carcinoma Cells?
Does sRRM4 drive Neuroendocrine Transdifferentiation of Prostate Adenocarcinoma Under Androgen Receptor Pathway Inhibition?
Does bUBR1 overexpression predict disease-specific survival after nephroureterectomy in patients with upper tract urothelial carcinoma?
Is paclitaxel necessary for improved survival in epithelial ovarian cancers with homologous recombination gene mutations?
Do frequent mutations in acetylation and ubiquitination sites suggest novel driver mechanisms of cancer?
Does antioxidant N-acetyl-cysteine protect retinal pigmented epithelial cells from long-term hypoxia changes in gene expression?
Does deltaNp63 transcriptionally regulate ATM to control p53 Serine-15 phosphorylation?
Is overexpression of p63 associated with radiation resistance and prognosis in oral squamous cell carcinoma?
Does tP53 regulate human AlkB homologue 2 expression in glioma resistance to Photofrin-mediated photodynamic therapy?
Is bcl-2 a negative regulator of interleukin-1beta secretion in murine macrophages in pharmacological-induced apoptosis?
Does chronic nicotine exposure augment renal oxidative stress and injury through transcriptional activation of p66shc?
Does propofol protect against high glucose-induced endothelial adhesion molecules expression in human umbilical vein endothelial cells?
Are selenium and sulindac synergistic to inhibit intestinal tumorigenesis in Apc/p21 mice?
Is p53 and PCNA positively correlated with HPV infection in laryngeal epitheliopapillomatous lesions in patiets with different ethnic backgrounds in Xinjiang?
Is senescence sensitivity of breast cancer cells defined by positive feedback loop between CIP2A and E2F1?
Does the cyclooxygenase-2-prostaglandin E2 pathway maintain senescence of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease fibroblasts?
Does a novel compound derived from danshensu inhibit apoptosis via upregulation of heme oxygenase-1 expression in SH-SY5Y cells?
Does andrographolide promote vincristine-induced SK-NEP-1 tumor cell death via PI3K-AKT-p53 signaling pathway?
Does berberine promote antiproliferative effects of epirubicin in T24 bladder cancer cells by enhancing apoptosis and cell cycle arrest?
Does overexpression of TP53 mutation-associated microRNA-182 promote tumor cell proliferation and migration in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma?
Does co-targeting of FAK and MDM2 trigger additive anti-proliferative effects in mesothelioma via a coordinated reactivation of p53?
Does mutation location on the RAS oncogene affect pathologic features and survival after resection of colorectal liver metastases?
Does δNp63α expression induce loss of cell adhesion in triple-negative breast cancer cells?
Does over-expression of the long non-coding RNA HOTTIP inhibit glioma cell growth by BRE?
Does berberine induce neuronal differentiation through inhibition of cancer stemness and epithelial-mesenchymal transition in neuroblastoma cells?
Does single-cell sequencing reveal karyotype heterogeneity in murine and human malignancies?
Does hMGI-C suppressing induce P53/caspase9 axis to regulate apoptosis in breast adenocarcinoma cells?
Does capture-based next-generation sequencing reveal multiple actionable mutations in cancer patients failed in traditional testing?
Are recurrent , truncating Sox9 mutations associated with sox9 overexpression , KRAS mutation , and TP53 wild type status in colorectal carcinoma?
Does mEK inhibitor CI-1040 induce apoptosis in acute myeloid leukemia cells in vitro?
Does p53 sequence analysis predict treatment response and outcome of patients with esophageal carcinoma?
Is the TP53 16-bp duplication polymorphism enriched in endometriosis patients?
Is microRNA-199a-5p associated with hypoxia-inducible factor-1α expression in lungs from patients with COPD?
Is rEGγ associated with multiple oncogenic pathways in human cancers?
Does live-cell imaging visualize frequent mitotic skipping during senescence-like growth arrest in mammary carcinoma cells exposed to ionizing radiation?
Is the tumour suppressor p53 frequently nonfunctional in Sézary syndrome?
Do hER2/neu and Ki-67 expression predict non-invasive recurrence following breast-conserving therapy for ductal carcinoma in situ?
Does mesenchymal stem cells with rhBMP-2 inhibit the growth of canine osteosarcoma cells?
Does thermotherapy enhance oxaliplatin-induced cytotoxicity in human colon carcinoma cells?
Does prohibitin 1 modulate mitochondrial stress-related autophagy in human colonic epithelial cells?
Does [ Adenovirus-delivered tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinases-3 transfection increase the sensitivity of cervical cancer cells to cisplatin ]?
Is low p27 ( Kip1 ) expression associated with poor prognostic factors in breast carcinomas?
Does tGFbeta-1 dependent fast stimulation of ATM and p53 phosphorylation following exposure to ionizing radiation involve TGFbeta-receptor I signalling?
Is the Pro variant of the p53 codon 72 polymorphism associated with hepatocellular carcinoma in Moroccan population?
Is the radiation-induced cell-death signaling pathway activated by concurrent use of cisplatin in sequential biopsy specimens from patients with cervical cancer?
Is telomere length in peripheral blood cells of germline TP53 mutation carriers shorter than that of normal individuals of corresponding age?
Do ras activity levels control the development of pancreatic diseases?
Do microtubule-interacting drugs induce moderate and reversible damage to human bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells?
Does complement C1q activate tumor suppressor WWOX to induce apoptosis in prostate cancer cells?
Is inhibitor of differentiation 4 ( Id4 ) a potential tumor suppressor in prostate cancer?
Does delayed treatment with a p53 inhibitor enhance recovery in stroke brain?
Is prolactin-stimulated survivin induction required for beta cell mass expansion during pregnancy in mice?
Does condurango 30C induce Epigenetic Modification of Lung Cancer-specific Tumour Suppressor Genes via Demethylation?
Does mevalonate Pathway Antagonist suppress Formation of Serous Tubal Intraepithelial Carcinoma and Ovarian Carcinoma in Mouse Models?
Does berberine induce cell cycle arrest and apoptosis in human gastric carcinoma SNU-5 cell line?
Does dehydroepiandrosterone inhibit the progression phase of mammary carcinogenesis by inducing cellular senescence via a p16-dependent but p53-independent mechanism?
Does short fluorodeoxyuridine exposure of different human glioblastoma lines induce high-level accumulation of S-phase cells that avidly incorporate 125I-iododeoxyuridine?
Does exogenous acid fibroblast growth factor inhibit ischemia-reperfusion-induced damage in intestinal epithelium via regulating P53 and P21WAF-1 expression?
Are mutations of the cell cycle regulatory genes p16INK4A and p21WAF1 and the metastasis-inducing gene S100A4 infrequent and unrelated to p53 tumour suppressor gene status and data on survival in oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinomas?
Does melatonin decrease apoptosis and expression of apoptosis-associated proteins in acute puromycin aminonucleoside nephrosis?
Are a high degree of aneuploidy , loss of p53 gene , and low soluble p53 protein serum levels detected in ulcerative colitis patients?
Are iMUP-1 and IMUP-2 genes up-regulated in human ovarian epithelial tumors?
Is the replication error phenotype associated with the development of distant metastases in hormonally treated patients with breast carcinoma?
Is the density of epidermal p53 clones higher adjacent to squamous cell carcinoma in comparison with basal cell carcinoma?
Does [ I148M polymorphism of PNPLA3 gene affect cell cycle of hepatoma carcinoma cell Huh-7 ]?
Is cdc7 overexpression an independent prognostic marker and a potential therapeutic target in colorectal cancer?
Does guiqi polysaccharide protect the normal human fetal lung fibroblast WI-38 cells from H2O2-induced premature senescence?
Are stathmin 1 and p16 ( INK4A ) sensitive adjunct biomarkers for serous tubal intraepithelial carcinoma?
Is the functional MDM2 T309G genetic variant but not P53 Arg72Pro polymorphism associated with risk of sarcomas : a meta-analysis?
Does pax3 stimulate p53 ubiquitination and degradation independent of transcription?
Does mDM2 amplification in malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumors correlate with p53 protein expression?
Does indoxyl sulfate induce endothelial cell senescence by increasing reactive oxygen species production and p53 activity?
Is p53 correlated with low BMI negative progesterone receptor status and recurring disease in patients with endometrial cancer?
Does quantitative methylation analysis reveal gender and age differences in p16INK4a hypermethylation in hepatitis B virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma?
Does γ-Tocotrienol substantially protect DS neurons from hydrogen peroxide-induced oxidative injury?
Do c-myc antisense oligodeoxyribonucleotides inhibit proliferation of non-small cell lung cancer?
Does adenosine A1 receptor modify P53 expression and apoptosis in breast cancer cell line Mcf-7?
Does antiviral Drug Ganciclovir be a Potent Inhibitor of the Proliferation of Müller Glia-Derived Progenitors During Zebrafish Retinal Regeneration?
Does asian Sand Dust enhance the Inflammatory Response and Mucin Gene Expression in the Middle Ear?
Is kAP1 overexpressed in hepatocellular carcinoma and its clinical significance?
Do allelic loss studies provide evidence for the `` endometriosis-as-tumor '' theory?
Is reduced p53 in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from patients with rheumatoid arthritis associated with loss of radiation-induced apoptosis?
Are biallelic deletions in INK4 in cutaneous melanoma common and associated with decreased survival?
Does a sesquiterpenelactone from Inula britannica induce anti-tumor effects dependent on Bcl-2 phosphorylation?
Does myc down-regulation sensitize melanoma cells to radiotherapy by inhibiting MLH1 and MSH2 mismatch repair proteins?
Is mucin expression profile related to biological and clinical characteristics of intraductal papillary-mucinous tumors of the pancreas?
Is p21WAF1/CIP1 expression a marker of poor prognosis in oral squamous cell carcinoma?
Is cyclin D1 overexpression associated with estrogen receptor expression in Caucasian but not African-American breast cancer?
Is mUC1 overexpression the most reliable marker of invasive carcinoma in intraductal papillary-mucinous tumor ( IPMT )?
Does transcriptional profiling of PRKG2-null growth plate identify putative down-stream targets of PRKG2?
Does co-deleting Pten with Rb in retinal progenitor cells in mice result in fully penetrant bilateral retinoblastomas?
Is weaker ERG expression in patients with ERG-positive prostate cancer associated with advanced disease and weaker androgen receptor expression : An Indian outlook?
Does a 2-methoxyestradiol bis-sulphamoylated derivative induce apoptosis in breast cell lines?
Does ginsenoside metabolite compound K enhance the efficacy of cisplatin in lung cancer cells?
Does ionizing radiation induce neuronal differentiation of Neuro-2a cells via PI3-kinase and p53-dependent pathways?
Does [ Fluorescence in situ hybridization identify complex chromosomal aberrations in multiple myeloma ]?
Does panax ginseng ginsenoside-Rg2 protect memory impairment via anti-apoptosis in a rat model with vascular dementia?
Does bRCA1 modulate sensitivity to 5F-203 by regulating xenobiotic stress-inducible protein levels and EROD activity?
Does loss of CDKN2A and p14ARF expression occur frequently in human nonmelanoma skin cancers?
Does sodium butyrate with UCN-01 have marked antitumour activity against cervical cancer cells?
Do curcumin-altered p53-response genes regulate radiosensitivity in p53-mutant Ewing 's sarcoma cells?
Does topo2α protein expression predict response to anthracycline combination neo-adjuvant chemotherapy in locally advanced primary breast cancer?
Does [ Transfection of wild-type p14ARF gene lead to growth inhibition of human lung cancer cell lines ]?
Does inactivation of p53 be Sufficient to Induce Development of Pulmonary Hypertension in Rats?
Does honokiol induce cell cycle arrest and apoptosis in human gastric carcinoma MGC-803 cell line?
Do cyclophilin A/Cluster of Differentiation 147 Interactions Participate in Early Brain Injury After Subarachnoid Hemorrhage in Rats?
Is p53 gene codon 72 polymorphism but not tumor necrosis factor-alpha gene associated with prostate cancer?
Does hCV NS5A abrogate p53 protein function by interfering with p53-DNA binding?
Does honokiol induce apoptosis through p53-independent pathway in human colorectal cell line RKO?
Does p53 protein expression correlate with EBV status in childhood B non-Hodgkin lymphomas?
Does bAK overexpression mediate p53-independent apoptosis inducing effects on human gastric cancer cells?
Is the dl1520 virus found preferentially in tumor tissue after direct intratumoral injection in oral carcinoma?
Does p53 Status affect photodynamic cell killing induced by hypericin?
Are p53 negativity , CDC25B positivity , and metallothionein negativity predictors of a response of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma to chemoradiotherapy?
Is telomerase expression sufficient for chromosomal integrity in cells lacking p53 dependent G1 checkpoint function?
Do mutant p53 melanoma cell lines respond differently to CP-31398-induced apoptosis?
Is altered cytoplasmic-to-nuclear ratio of survivin a prognostic indicator in breast cancer?
Is reduced membranous beta-catenin protein expression associated with metastasis and poor prognosis in squamous cell carcinoma of the esophagus?
Is mDM2 SNP309 associated with poor outcome in B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia?
Does curcumin inhibit MPA-induced secretion of VEGF from T47-D human breast cancer cells?
Is high-mobility group box 2 associated with prognosis of glioblastoma by promoting cell viability , invasion , and chemotherapeutic resistance?
Is a metabolic remodeling in right ventricular hypertrophy associated with decreased angiogenesis and a transition from a compensated to a decompensated state in pulmonary hypertension?
Is mortalin a prognostic factor of gastric cancer with normal p53 function?
Does aRF regulate the stability of p16 protein via REGγ-dependent proteasome degradation?
Is functional p53 required for rapid restoration of daunorubicin-induced lesions of the spleen?
Do modifications of chromatin dynamics control Smad2 pathway activation in aneurysmal smooth muscle cells?
Does casticin induce human glioma cell death through apoptosis and mitotic arrest?
Does sMC3 knockdown trigger genomic instability and p53-dependent apoptosis in human and zebrafish cells?
Is p53 status a major determinant of effects of decreasing peroxiredoxin I expression on tumor growth and response of lung cancer cells to treatment?
Are the p53 codon 72 arg/arg homozygous women in central Italy at increased risk for HPV infections?
Does exogenous wt-p53 enhance the antitumor effect of HSV-TK/GCV on C6 glioma cells?
Does lovastatin protect human endothelial cells from the genotoxic and cytotoxic effects of the anticancer drugs doxorubicin and etoposide?
Are bortezomib activity and in vitro interactions with anthracyclines and cytarabine in acute myeloid leukemia cells independent of multidrug resistance mechanisms and p53 status?
Is vimentin and laminin expression associated with basal-like phenotype in both sporadic and BRCA1-associated breast carcinomas?
Does atractylenolide II induce G1 cell-cycle arrest and apoptosis in B16 melanoma cells?
Does microwave induce apoptosis in A549 human lung carcinoma cell line?
Does the natural triterpene maslinic acid induce apoptosis in HT29 colon cancer cells by a JNK-p53-dependent mechanism?
Do tP53 mutations in low-risk myelodysplastic syndromes with del ( 5q ) predict disease progression?
Are sPARCL1 , Shp2 , MSH2 , E-cadherin , p53 , ADCY-2 and MAPK prognosis-related in colorectal cancer?
Does loss of transforming growth factor β adaptor protein β-2 spectrin lead to delayed liver regeneration in mice?
Does a pool of peptides extracted from wheat bud chromatin inhibit tumor cell growth by causing defective DNA synthesis?
Does high CC chemokine receptor 7 expression improve postoperative prognosis of lung adenocarcinoma patients?
Does gefitinib enhance the effects of combined radiotherapy and 5-fluorouracil in a colorectal cancer cell line?
Does superoxide mediate acute liver injury in irradiated mice lacking sirtuin 3?
Is airway gene expression in COPD dynamic with inhaled corticosteroid treatment and reflects biological pathways associated with disease activity?
Do gene expression data reveal common pathways that characterize the unifocal nature of ovarian cancer?
Is reduced P53 Staining in Actinic Keratosis Associated with Squamous Cell Carcinoma : A Preliminary Study?
Does hormone receptor loss in endometrial carcinoma curettage predict lymph node metastasis and poor outcome in prospective multicentre trial?
Is overexpression of CARM1 in breast cancer correlated with poorly characterized clinicopathologic parameters and molecular subtypes?
Does 5-demethyltangeretin inhibit human nonsmall cell lung cancer cell growth by inducing G2/M cell cycle arrest and apoptosis?
Are cytokeratin 17 and p63 markers of the HPV target cell , the cervical stem cell?
Is loss of heterozygosity on the X chromosome an independent prognostic factor in ovarian carcinoma : from the Danish `` MALOVA '' Ovarian Carcinoma Study?
Do histone deacetylase inhibitors enhance paclitaxel-induced cell death in ovarian cancer cell lines independent of p53 status?
Do genetic and epigenetic changes in p21 and p21B correlate with resistance to doxorubicin or mitomycin and 5-fluorouracil in locally advanced breast cancer?
Does photodynamic therapy with indocyanine green complement and enhances low-dose cisplatin cytotoxicity in MCF-7 breast cancer cells?
Do curcumin and resveratrol induce apoptosis and nuclear translocation and activation of p53 in human neuroblastoma?
Is targeting cyclin-dependent kinase 1 ( CDK1 ) but not CDK4/6 or CDK2 selectively lethal to MYC-dependent human breast cancer cells?
Does combining smoking information and molecular markers improve prognostication in patients with urothelial carcinoma of the bladder?
Do patient-derived xenografts reveal limits to PI3K/mTOR- and MEK-mediated inhibition of bladder cancer?
Is [ Progression of leukoplakia associated with changes in apoptotic and mitotic index as well as in p53 and Ki-67 expression ]?
Is cyclooxygenase-2 highly expressed in carcinoma in situ and T1 transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder?
Is thymidylate synthase expression in hepatic tumors a predictor of survival and progression in patients with resectable metastatic colorectal cancer?
Does hypoxia trigger a Nur77-β-catenin feed-forward loop to promote the invasive growth of colon cancer cells?
Does expression of cytokeratin 20 indicate invasive histological phenotype in poorly differentiated colorectal adenocarcinoma?
Are escherichia coli-derived outer membrane vesicles genotoxic to human enterocyte-like cells?
Is insulin-like growth factor 2 mRNA-binding protein 1 ( IGF2BP1 ) an important protumorigenic factor in hepatocellular carcinoma?
Are cell cycle deregulation and TP53 and RAS mutations major events in poorly differentiated and undifferentiated thyroid carcinomas?
Does salmonella enterica serovar enteritidis modulate intestinal epithelial miR-128 levels to decrease macrophage recruitment via macrophage colony-stimulating factor?
Does saikosaponin-D enhance radiosensitivity of hepatoma cells under hypoxic conditions by inhibiting hypoxia-inducible factor-1α?
Does xRCC1 deficiency sensitize human lung epithelial cells to genotoxicity by crocidolite asbestos and Libby amphibole?
Does constitutive activation of glycogen synthase kinase-3beta correlate with better prognosis and cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors in human gastric cancer?
Does curculigoside attenuate human umbilical vein endothelial cell injury induced by H2O2?
Does oestrogen prevent cardiomyocyte apoptosis by suppressing p38α-mediated activation of p53 and by down-regulating p53 inhibition on p38β?
Does hypoxia-inducible factor 1alpha determine gastric cancer chemosensitivity via modulation of p53 and NF-kappaB?
Is nicotine-induced survival signaling in lung cancer cells dependent on their p53 status while its down-regulation by curcumin is independent?
Does impairment of aerobic glycolysis by inhibitors of lactic dehydrogenase hinder the growth of human hepatocellular carcinoma cell lines?
Is expression of protein S100A4 a predictor of recurrence in colorectal cancer?
Does vascular endothelial growth factor monoclonal antibody inhibit growth of anaplastic thyroid cancer xenografts in nude mice?
Is tumor DNA in plasma at diagnosis of breast cancer patients a valuable predictor of disease-free survival?
Does epidermal expression of neuropilin 1 protect murine keratinocytes from UVB-induced apoptosis?
Does quercetin potentiate doxorubicin mediated antitumor effects against liver cancer through p53/Bcl-xl?
Do pan-histone deacetylase inhibitors regulate signaling pathways involved in proliferative and pro-inflammatory mechanisms in H9c2 cells?
Does pifithrin-α enhance the survival of transplanted neural stem cells in stroke rats by inhibiting p53 nuclear translocation?
Does the DNA repair protein ALKBH2 mediate temozolomide resistance in human glioblastoma cells?
Is aberrant p53 protein expression associated with an increased risk of neoplastic progression in patients with Barrett 's oesophagus?
Does a novel curcumin-based vaginal cream Vacurin selectively eliminate apposed human cervical cancer cells?
Does the mTORC1 inhibitor everolimus prevent and treats Eμ-Myc lymphoma by restoring oncogene-induced senescence?
Does on-target JAK2/STAT3 inhibition slow disease progression in orthotopic xenografts of human glioblastoma brain tumor stem cells?
Is low aryl hydrocarbon receptor-interacting protein expression a better marker of invasiveness in somatotropinomas than Ki-67 and p53?
Does overexpression of proto-oncogene FBI-1 activate membrane type 1-matrix metalloproteinase in association with adverse outcome in ovarian cancers?
Is the checkpointkinase 2 ( CHK2 ) 1100delC germ line mutation associated with the development of squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck ( SCCHN )?
Is nuclear expression of 14-3-3 sigma related to prognosis in patients with esophageal squamous cell carcinoma?
Does adenovirus E2F1 overexpression sensitize LNCaP and PC3 prostate tumor cells to radiation in vivo?
Is the clock gene Per2 required for normal platelet formation and function?
Does adenovirus-mediated Bak gene transfer induce apoptosis in mesothelioma cell lines?
Is loss of p27Kip1 expression a strong independent prognostic factor of reduced survival in N0 gastric carcinomas?
Does alcohol exposure alter cell cycle and apoptotic events during early neurulation?
Does caspase-8 have an essential role in resveratrol-induced apoptosis of rheumatoid fibroblast-like synoviocytes?
Do magnetic resonance imaging characteristics predict epidermal growth factor receptor amplification status in glioblastoma?
Does epithelial and stromal genetic instability contribute to genesis of colorectal adenomas?
Does clostridium difficile toxin A-induced colonocyte apoptosis involve p53-dependent p21 ( WAF1/CIP1 ) induction via p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase?
Are mutations in specific codons of the KRAS oncogene associated with variable resistance to neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy in patients with rectal adenocarcinoma?
Is peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ coactivator-1α a central negative regulator of vascular senescence?
Is sIRT1 expression associated with good prognosis for head and neck squamous cell carcinoma patients?
Are eR , p53 and MIB-1 significantly associated with malignant phyllodes tumor?
Does transcriptomics of wild-type mice and mice lacking ADAMTS-5 activity identify genes involved in osteoarthritis initiation and cartilage destruction?
Does arginine homozygosity in codon 72 of p53 correlate with failure to imatinib response in chronic myeloid leukemia?
Does p38 MAPK regulate the expression of ether à go-go potassium channel in human osteosarcoma cells?
Does caffeic acid induce apoptosis in human cervical cancer cells through the mitochondrial pathway?
Is p53 upregulation a frequent response to deficiency of cell-essential genes?
Does p53 status identify two subgroups of triple-negative breast cancers with distinct biological features?
Does 6-OHDA generated ROS induce DNA damage and p53- and PUMA-dependent cell death?
Is automated cell disruption a reliable and effective method of isolating RNA from fresh snap-frozen normal and malignant oral mucosa samples?
Is cIP2A associated with human breast cancer aggressivity?
Is overexpression of metastasis-associated protein 2 associated with hepatocellular carcinoma size and differentiation?
Do genetic variants in the cell cycle control pathways contribute to early onset colorectal cancer in Lynch syndrome?
Does ecology-based screen identify new metabolites from a Cordyceps-colonizing fungus as cancer cell proliferation inhibitors and apoptosis inducers?
Does vasoactive intestinal peptide inhibit TNF-alpha-induced apoptotic events in acinar cells from nonobese diabetic mice submandibular glands?
Does a mastic gum extract induce suppression of growth of human colorectal tumor xenografts in immunodeficient mice?
Are chromosome Y variants from different inbred mouse strains linked to differences in the morphologic and molecular responses of cardiac cells to postpubertal testosterone?
Does acquisition of a second mutation of the Tp53 alleles immediately precede epithelial morphological transformation in ovarian tumorigenicity?
Does evaluation of public cancer datasets and signatures identify TP53 mutant signatures with robust prognostic and predictive value?
Is phosphoglycerate kinase-1 a predictor of poor survival and a novel prognostic biomarker of chemoresistance to paclitaxel treatment in breast cancer?
Does tP53 R72P polymorphism modulate DNA methylation in hepatocellular carcinoma?
Does xPO1/CRM1 Inhibition cause Antitumor Effects by Mitochondrial Accumulation of eIF5A?
Is cD24 Ala57Val polymorphism associated with spontaneous viral clearance in the HCV-infected Chinese population?
Does calorie restriction inhibit ovarian follicle development and follicle loss through activating SIRT1 signaling in mice?
Does metformin suppress pancreatic tumor growth with inhibition of NFκB/STAT3 inflammatory signaling?
Does murine double minute 2 predict response of advanced esophageal squamous cell carcinoma to definitive chemoradiotherapy?
Does hPV-16 impair the subcellular distribution and levels of expression of protein phosphatase 1γ in cervical malignancy?
Does sIRT1 activation rescue doxorubicin-induced loss of functional competence of human cardiac progenitor cells?
Is hGUE-C-1 an atypical and novel colon carcinoma cell line?
Does inhibition of p38 MAPK activation protect cardiac mitochondria from ischemia/reperfusion injury?
Does spray-dried extract of Phyllanthus niruri L. reduce mucosal damage in rats with intestinal inflammation?
Does p55γ functional mimetic peptide N24 block vascular proliferative disorders?
Does homozygous deletions of UGT2B17 modify effects of smoking on TP53-mutations and relapse of head and neck carcinoma?
Does [ Jaridonin induce apoptosis in human esophageal cancer cells by depleting GSH and inducing DNA damage ]?
Does increased expression of WAF1 in intrahepatic bile ducts in primary biliary cirrhosis relate to apoptosis?
Does aTM protein expression correlate with radioresistance in primary glioblastoma cells in culture?
Does adenovirus-mediated transfer of p53 augment hyperthermia-induced apoptosis in U251 glioma cells?
Does uCN-01 induce cytotoxicity toward human CLL cells through a p53-independent mechanism?
Do distinct molecular events suggest different pathways for preterm labor and premature rupture of membranes?
Does high linear energy transfer carbon radiation effectively kill cultured glioma cells with either mutant or wild-type p53?
Does epidermal growth factor enhance cisplatin-induced apoptosis by a caspase 3 independent pathway?
Are targetable signaling pathway mutations associated with malignant phenotype in IDH-mutant gliomas?
Is glucocorticoid receptor status a principal determinant of variability in the sensitivity of non-small-cell lung cancer cells to pemetrexed?
Is the combination of autofluorescence endoscopy and molecular biomarkers a novel diagnostic tool for dysplasia in Barrett 's oesophagus?
Do the novel thymidylate synthase inhibitor trifluorothymidine ( TFT ) and TRAIL synergistically eradicate non-small cell lung cancer cells?
Does chloroquine potentiate the anti-cancer effect of lidamycin on non-small cell lung cancer cells in vitro?
Does tumor necrosis factor alpha induce p53 up-regulated modulator of apoptosis expression in colorectal cancer cell lines?
Does upregulation of FOXM1 induce genomic instability in human epidermal keratinocytes?
Does nutlin-3 cooperate with doxorubicin to induce apoptosis of human hepatocellular carcinoma cells through p53 or p73 signaling pathways?
Does p53-mediated radioresistance correlate with metastatic potential in tumorigenic rat embryo cell lines following oncogene transfection?
Is clinical outcome in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma dependent on the relationship between different cell-cycle regulator proteins?
Do accumulation of p53 and Ki-67 expression predict survival in patients with fibrillary astrocytomas or the response of these tumors to radiotherapy?
Does tumor oxygenation correlate with molecular growth determinants in breast cancer?
Does overexpression of p53 protein predict local-regional control or survival in patients with early-stage squamous cell carcinoma of the glottic larynx treated with radiotherapy?
Does biopsy-free circulating tumor DNA assay identify actionable mutations in lung cancer?
Are molecular differences between screen-detected and interval breast cancers largely explained by PAM50 subtypes?
Does carbon-ion beam irradiation kill X-ray-resistant p53-null cancer cells by inducing mitotic catastrophe?
Does whole genome sequence analysis suggest intratumoral heterogeneity in dissemination of breast cancer to lymph nodes?
Does histone acetyltransferase inhibitor II induce apoptosis in glioma cell lines via the p53 signaling pathway?
Is toca-1 suppressed by p53 to limit breast cancer cell invasion and tumor metastasis?
Does korean Red Ginseng inhibit apoptosis in neuroblastoma cells via estrogen receptor β-mediated phosphatidylinositol-3 kinase/Akt signaling?
Is nutlin-3-induced redistribution of chromatin-bound IFI16 in human hepatocellular carcinoma cells in vitro associated with p53 activation?
Is high Ki67 expression an independent good prognostic marker in colorectal cancer?
Does knockdown of NAT12/NAA30 reduce tumorigenic features of glioblastoma-initiating cells?
Does histological criteria for atypical pituitary adenomas - data from the German pituitary adenoma registry suggest modifications?
Does sodium Ferulate prevent Daunorubicin -- Induced Apoptosis in H9c2 Cells via Inhibition of the ERKs Pathway?
Is microRNA-21 a potential link between non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and hepatocellular carcinoma via modulation of the HBP1-p53-Srebp1c pathway?
Is polymorphism at codon 72 of the p53 gene associated with endometriosis in a Japanese population?
Does pentoxifylline enhance tumor oxygenation and radiosensitivity in rat rhabdomyosarcomas during continuous hyperfractionated irradiation?
Is p73alpha a candidate effector in the p53 independent apoptosis pathway of cisplatin damaged primary murine colonocytes?
Are p53 and K-ras mutations frequent events in microscopically negative surgical margins from patients with nonsmall cell lung carcinoma?
Is preoperative radiochemotherapy successful also in patients with locally advanced rectal cancer who have intrinsically high apoptotic tumours?
Is p53 expression significantly correlated with high risk of malignancy and epithelioid differentiation in GISTs . An immunohistochemical study of 104 cases?
Is overexpression of VEGF associated with positive p53 immunostaining in hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) and adverse outcome of HCC patients?
Is androgen receptor a new potential therapeutic target for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma?
Are the p53 Arg72Pro and Ins16bp polymorphisms and their haplotypes associated with breast cancer risk in BRCA-mutation negative familial cases?
Does p53 oncosuppressor influence selection of genomic imbalances in response to ionizing radiations in human osteosarcoma cell line SAOS-2?
Does disruption of the p53-Mdm2 complex by Nutlin-3 reveal different cancer cell phenotypes?
Is nestin expressed in basal-like and triple negative breast cancers?
Does compensatory proliferation in Drosophila imaginal discs require Dronc-dependent p53 activity?
Are expression of p16 ( INK4A ) , p53 , and Rb proteins independent from the presence of human papillomavirus genes in oral squamous cell carcinoma?
Do deletion of the p53 gene in a patient with aggressive burn scar carcinoma?
Are chromosomal abnormalities detected by multicolor fluorescence in situ hybridization in fine-needle aspirates from patients with small lymphocytic lymphoma useful for predicting survival?
Does loss of heterozygosity predict poor survival after resection of pancreatic adenocarcinoma?
Is aSPM a novel marker for vascular invasion , early recurrence , and poor prognosis of hepatocellular carcinoma?
Do sV40 early genes induce neoplastic properties in serous borderline ovarian tumor cells?
Does impaired autophagy induce chronic atrophic pancreatitis in mice via sex- and nutrition-dependent processes?
Are p53 and cancer-associated sialylated glycans surrogate markers of cancerization of the bladder associated with Schistosoma haematobium infection?
Is mesenchymal stem cell-mediated suppression of hypertrophic scarring p53 dependent in a rabbit ear model?
Is cASP8 SNP D302H ( rs1045485 ) associated with worse survival in MYCN-amplified neuroblastoma patients?
Does interleukin-1β cause excitotoxic neurodegeneration and multiple sclerosis disease progression by activating the apoptotic protein p53?
Does lobaplatin inhibit growth of gastric cancer cells by inducing apoptosis?
Does fuse binding protein antagonize the transcription activity of tumor suppressor protein p53?
Does p53 Mutation direct AURKA Overexpression via miR-25 and FBXW7 in Prostatic Small Cell Neuroendocrine Carcinoma?
Does whole-exome sequencing characterize the landscape of somatic mutations and copy number alterations in adrenocortical carcinoma?
Does dkk-3 induce apoptosis through mitochondrial and Fas death receptor pathways in human mucinous ovarian cancer cells?
Is apoptosis associated with atypical or malignant change in meningiomas . An in situ labelling and immunohistochemical study?
Is expression of P-glycoprotein , a multidrug-resistance gene product , induced by radiotherapy in patients with oral squamous cell carcinoma?
Does transfection of inducible nitric oxide synthase gene cause apoptosis in vascular smooth muscle cells?
Does the benzoquinone ansamycin 17-allylamino-17-demethoxygeldanamycin bound to HSP90 and shares important biologic activities with geldanamycin?
Does knockdown of CABYR-a/b increase chemosensitivity of human non-small cell lung cancer cells through inactivation of Akt?
Does metformin inhibit esophagus cancer proliferation through upregulation of USP7?
Does acidosis induce reprogramming of cellular metabolism to mitigate oxidative stress?
Does p53 E3 ubiquitin protein ligase homolog regulate p53 in vivo in the adult mouse eye lens?
Does mass-array screening of frequent mutations in cancers reveal RB1 alterations in aggressive adrenocortical carcinomas?
Does human decorin regulate proliferation and migration of human lung cancer A549 cells?
Does honokiol inhibit androgen receptor activity in prostate cancer cells?
Does the function of targeted host genes determine the oncogenicity of HBV integration in hepatocellular carcinoma?
Does berberine induce apoptosis in p53-null leukemia cells by down-regulating XIAP at the post-transcriptional level?
Does distinct K-ras mutation pattern characterize signet ring cell colorectal carcinoma?
Is lack of apoptosis in PanIN-1 and PanIN-2 lesions associated with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma dependent on K-ras status?
Do alterations in p53 predict response to preoperative high dose chemotherapy in patients with gastric cancer?
Are alterations of p53 common in early stage prostate cancer?
Is eRBB1 amplified and overexpressed in high-grade diffusely infiltrative pediatric brain stem glioma?
Do carcinoma of tongue and the buccal mucosa represent different biological subentities of the oral carcinoma?
Does elevated microsatellite instability at selected tetranucleotide repeats correlate with clinicopathologic features of bladder cancer?
Does dna methyltransferase 1 ( DNMT1 ) gene activity in human lymphomas correlate with aberrant p53 gene expression?
Is p63 a useful marker for cutaneous spindle cell squamous cell carcinoma?
Is expression of p53R2 related to prognosis in patients with esophageal squamous cell carcinoma?
Does necdin modulate proliferative cell survival of human cells in response to radiation-induced genotoxic stress?
Does microRNA-125b transform myeloid cell lines by repressing multiple mRNA?
Does ki-67 expression score correlate to survival rate in gastrointestinal stromal tumors ( GIST )?
Is functional analysis of the ATM-p53-p21 pathway in the LRF CLL4 trial : blockade at the level of p21 associated with short response duration?
Does pharmacologic induction of heme oxygenase-1 play a protective role in diabetic retinopathy in rats?
Does endothelial cell-specific FGD5 involvement in vascular pruning define neovessel fate in mice?
Is expression of apoptosis-related proteins an independent determinant of patient prognosis in advanced ovarian cancer?
Does genome-Wide DNA Methylation Analysis reveal Epigenetic Dysregulation of MicroRNA-34A in TP53-Associated Cancer Susceptibility?
Are p53 , cathepsin D , Bcl-2 joint prognostic indicators of breast cancer metastatic spreading?
Does highly activated p53 contribute to selectively increased apoptosis of latently HIV-1 infected cells upon treatment of anticancer drugs?
Does [ Icariin reduce S-nitrosogultathione induced endothelial cell apoptosis through modulating AKT/P53 pathway ]?
Does nurr1 promote intestinal regeneration after ischemia/reperfusion injury by inhibiting the expression of p21 ( Waf1/Cip1 )?
Does therapeutic inhibition of the MDM2-p53 interaction prevent recurrence of adenoid cystic carcinomas?
Does comprehensive profiling of metaplastic breast carcinomas reveal frequent overexpression of programmed death-ligand 1?
Are tP53 mutated glioblastoma stem-like cell cultures sensitive to dual mTORC1/2 inhibition while resistance in TP53 wild type cultures can be overcome by combined inhibition of mTORC1/2 and Bcl-2?
Is the novel tumour suppressor gene ING1 overexpressed in human melanoma cell lines?
Does glycerol restore heat-induced p53-dependent apoptosis of human glioblastoma cells bearing mutant p53?
Does p53 induce distinct epigenetic states at its direct target promoters?
Do polo-like kinase 1-targeting Chitosan Nanoparticles suppress the progression of hepatocellular carcinoma?
Does microRNA-125b prevent Cardiac Dysfunction in Polymicrobial Sepsis by Targeting TRAF6-Mediated Nuclear Factor κB Activation and p53-Mediated Apoptotic Signaling?
Does curcumin induce G0/G1 arrest and apoptosis in hormone independent prostate cancer DU-145 cells by down regulating Notch signaling?
Is deltaNp63 expression associated with poor survival in ovarian cancer?
Does polydeoxyribonucleotide promote cyclobutane pyrimidine dimer repair in UVB-exposed dermal fibroblasts?
Does olesoxime protect embryonic cortical neurons from camptothecin intoxication by a mechanism distinct from BDNF?
Do survivin selective inhibitor YM155 induce apoptosis in SK-NEP-1 Wilms tumor cells?
Are genes of detoxification important modulators of hereditary medullary thyroid carcinoma risk?
Does dexamethasone reduce sensitivity to cisplatin by blunting p53-dependent cellular senescence in non-small cell lung cancer?
Do genetic Alterations in Colorectal Cancer Have Different Patterns on 18F-FDG PET/CT?
Does p21 ( waf ) correlate with DNA replication but not with prognosis in invasive breast cancer?
Does miR-125b be Critical for Fibroblast-to-Myofibroblast Transition and Cardiac Fibrosis?
Is lPL gene expression associated with poor prognosis in CLL and closely related to NOTCH1 mutations?
Does senescence-Associated MCP-1 Secretion be Dependent on a Decline in BMI1 in Human Mesenchymal Stromal Cells?
Do integrated genomics approach to identify biologically relevant alterations in fewer samples?
Are p21 rs3176352 G > C and p73 rs1801173 C > T polymorphisms associated with an increased risk of esophageal cancer in a Chinese population?
Does arsenic trioxide induce apoptosis of human gastrointestinal cancer cells?
Does expression of HPV-16 E6 protein and p53 inactivation increase the uterine cervical cancer invasion?
Does chemotherapy mediate intestinal injury via p53/p53 upregulated modulator of apoptosis ( PUMA ) signaling pathway?
Does inhibition of autophagy signiﬁcantly enhance combination therapy with sorafenib and HDAC inhibitors for human hepatoma cells?
Does wnt/β-catenin signaling regulate the proliferation and differentiation of mesenchymal progenitor cells through the p53 pathway?
Does tumor expression of S100A6 correlate with survival of patients with stage I non-small-cell lung cancer?
Does transcriptional profiling in C. elegans suggest DNA damage dependent apoptosis as an ancient function of the p53 family?
Does meta-analysis of nasopharyngeal carcinoma microarray data explore mechanism of EBV-regulated neoplastic transformation?
Are apoptosis regulation and spontaneous apoptosis index of testicular germ cell tumors associated with differentiation and resistance to systemic treatment?
Do ced-4 and proto-oncogene tfg-1 antagonistically regulate cell size and apoptosis in C. elegans?
Is the C/H3 domain of p300 required to protect VRK1 and VRK2 from their downregulation induced by p53?
Does killing of p53-deficient hepatoma cells by parvovirus H-1 and chemotherapeutics require promyelocytic leukemia protein?
Does ginkgo biloba extract 761 reduce doxorubicin-induced apoptotic damage in rat hearts and neonatal cardiomyocytes?
Does the JNK inhibitor SP600129 enhance apoptosis of HCC cells induced by the tumor suppressor WWOX?
Is expression of COX-2 associated with accumulation of p53 in pancreatic cancer : analysis of COX-2 and p53 expression in premalignant and malignant ductal pancreatic lesions?
Are iL-8 and p53 inversely regulated through JNK , p38 and NF-kappaB p65 in HepG2 cells during an inflammatory response?
Do alterations in microRNA expression contribute to fatty acid-induced pancreatic beta-cell dysfunction?
Is nF-kappaB activation associated with homocysteine-induced injury in Neuro2a cells?
Do kaurane diterpenes protect against apoptosis and inhibition of phagocytosis in activated macrophages?
Does diabetes alter expression of p53 and c-myc in different stages of oral oncogenesis?
Does mDM2 antagonist Nutlin-3 suppress the proliferation and differentiation of human pre-osteoclasts through a p53-dependent pathway?
Does transcriptional functionality of germ line p53 mutants influence cancer phenotype?
Is p21/WAF1 an independent survival prognostic factor for patients with hepatocellular carcinoma after resection?
Is exogenous wt-p53 protein active in transformed cells but not in their non-transformed counterparts : implications for cancer gene therapy without tumor targeting?
Does nitric oxide mediate cyclosporine-induced apoptosis in cultured renal cells?
Do [ p53 and steroid receptors support double endometrial carcinogenesis ]?
Do p53 tumor suppressor gene mutations predict decreased survival of patients with sporadic colorectal carcinoma?
Is p21 ( WAF1/CIP1 ) protein expression associated with prolonged survival but not with p53 expression in epithelial ovarian carcinoma?
Is pancreatic cancer cell proliferation phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase dependent?
Does overexpression of p53 predict shorter survival in diffuse type gastric cancer?
Is numeric aberration of chromosome 17 strongly correlated with p53 overexpression , tumor proliferation and histopathology in human bladder cancer?
Is the radioprotective effect of BBI associated with the activation of DNA repair-relevant genes?
Does co-transfection of p16 ( INK4a ) and p53 genes into the K562 cell line inhibit cell proliferation?
Is determination of the molecular relationship between multiple tumors within one patient of clinical importance?
Do rod outer segments mediate mitochondrial DNA damage and apoptosis in human retinal pigment epithelium?
Does absence of p53 lead to accelerated neointimal hyperplasia after vascular injury?
Is p21WAF1/CIP1 more effective than p53 in growth suppression of mouse renal carcinoma cell line Renca in vitro and in vivo?
Is minichromosome maintenance 2 expression correlated with mode of invasion and prognosis in oral squamous cell carcinomas?
Is cpG island methylator phenotype an independent predictor of survival benefit from 5-fluorouracil in stage III colorectal cancer?
Is the RASSF1A tumor suppressor gene commonly inactivated in adenocarcinoma of the uterine cervix?
Does dynamic expression profile of p21WAF1/CIP1 and Ki-67 predict survival in rectal carcinoma treated with preoperative radiochemotherapy?
Does p53 mutation correlate with cisplatin sensitivity in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma lines?
Does kPT-330 inhibitor of XPO1-mediated nuclear export have anti-proliferative activity in hepatocellular carcinoma?
Are p53 and nitric oxide involved in cytokine-induced apoptosis in Kasumi-1 and Molt-4 Leukemics cells?
Do eRCC1 Cys8092Ala and XRCC1 Arg399Gln polymorphisms predict progression-free survival after curative radiotherapy for nasopharyngeal carcinoma?
Does [ Shenfu injection induce the apoptosis of prostate cancer PC-3 cells ]?
Are small bowel adenocarcinomas complicating Crohn 's disease associated with dysplasia : a pathological and molecular study?
Does rORα suppress proliferation of vascular smooth muscle cells through activation of AMP-activated protein kinase?
Does loss of HuR lead to senescence-like cytokine induction in rodent fibroblasts by activating NF-κB?
Is chk1 activity required for BAK multimerization in association with PUMA during mitochondrial apoptosis?
Does hMG-CoA reductase inhibition prior reperfusion improve reparative fibrosis post-myocardial infarction in a preclinical experimental model?
Does gold ( I ) N-heterocyclic carbene complex inhibit mouse melanoma growth by p53 upregulation?
Is overexpression of WRAP53 associated with development and progression of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma?
Does epigallocatechin gallate with photodynamic therapy enhance anti-tumor effects in vivo and in vitro?
Does expression of a constitutively active prolactin receptor cause histone trimethylation of the p53 gene in breast cancer?
Does the anti-hypercholesterolemic effect of low p53 expression protect vascular endothelial function in mice?
Is convection-enhanced delivery of etoposide effective against murine proneural glioblastoma?
Is hPV16 DNA status a strong prognosticator of loco-regional control after postoperative radiochemotherapy of locally advanced oropharyngeal carcinoma : results from a multicentre explorative study of the German Cancer Consortium Radiation Oncology Group ( DKTK-ROG )?
Are tumoral TP53 and/or CDKN2A alterations reliable prognostic biomarkers in patients with localized Ewing sarcoma : a report from the Children 's Oncology Group?
Does preliminary whole-exome sequencing reveal mutations that imply common tumorigenicity pathways in multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1 patients?
Does bCAS2 promote prostate cancer cells proliferation by enhancing AR mRNA transcription and protein stability?
Does helicobacter pylori Infection activate the Akt-Mdm2-p53 Signaling Pathway in Gastric Epithelial Cells?
Is recurrent CYP2C19 deletion allele associated with triple-negative breast cancer?
Do estradiol agonists inhibit human LoVo colorectal-cancer cell proliferation and migration through p53?
Is p53 overexpression associated with bulky tumor and poor local control in T1 glottic cancer?
Does beta-lapachone induce cell cycle arrest and apoptosis in human colon cancer cells?
Is expression of brain-type glycogen phosphorylase a potentially novel early biomarker in the carcinogenesis of human colorectal carcinomas?
Does p27 expression correlate with prognosis in patients with hypopharyngeal cancer?
Does activation of p53 stimulate proteasome-dependent truncation of eIF4E-binding protein 1 ( 4E-BP1 )?
Do multiple biomarkers improve prediction of bladder cancer recurrence and mortality in patients undergoing cystectomy?
Does apoptosis seem to be the major process while surface and neural ectodermal layers detach during neurulation?
Are deficient TP53 expression , function , and cisplatin sensitivity restored by quinacrine in head and neck cancer?
Does mitomycin C treatment significantly reduce central damage of islets in culture?
Does moderate dietary restriction reduce p53-mediated neurovascular damage and microglia activation after hypoxic ischemia in neonatal brain?
Is nuclear atypia grading score a useful prognostic factor in papillary gastric adenocarcinoma?
Do lY294002 and metformin cooperatively enhance the inhibition of growth and the induction of apoptosis of ovarian cancer cells?
Is nuclear survivin expression a positive prognostic factor in taxane-platinum-treated ovarian cancer patients?
Does oral malodorous compound cause caspase-8 and -9 mediated programmed cell death in osteoblasts?
Does p53 dependent centrosome clustering prevent multipolar mitosis in tetraploid cells?
Do tP53 disruptive mutations lead to head and neck cancer treatment failure through inhibition of radiation-induced senescence?
Does rAd-p53 enhance the sensitivity of human gastric cancer cells to chemotherapy?
Are rAS mutations associated with the development of cutaneous squamous cell tumors in patients treated with RAF inhibitors?
Does leflunomide induce apoptosis in fludarabine-resistant and clinically refractory CLL cells?
Does oral contraceptive and progestin-only use correlate to tissue tumor marker expression in women with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia?
Are common variants of GSTP1 , GSTA1 , and TGFβ1 associated with the risk of radiation-induced fibrosis in breast cancer patients?
Is eBV-positive Hodgkin lymphoma associated with suppression of p21cip1/waf1 and a worse prognosis?
Is peak radial and circumferential strain measured by velocity vector imaging a novel index for detecting vulnerable plaques in a rabbit model of atherosclerosis?
Are oxaliplatin responses in colorectal cancer cells modulated by CHK2 kinase inhibitors?
Is cBL frequently altered in lung cancers : its relationship to mutations in MET and EGFR tyrosine kinases?
Does [ Ursodeoxycholic acid inhibit hepatocyte-like cell apoptosis by down-regulating the expressions of Bax and Caspase-3 ]?
Does induction of heat shock protein 70 protect thymocytes against radiation-induced apoptosis?
Does intraclonal molecular heterogeneity suggest a hierarchy of pathogenetic events in Burkitt 's lymphoma?
Does anisomycin suppress Jurkat T cell growth by the cell cycle-regulating proteins?
Is cdkn1a a key mediator of rat pancreatic stellate cell senescence?
Are circulating p53-responsive microRNAs predictive indicators of heart failure after acute myocardial infarction?
Does simultaneous treatment with azelnidipine and olmesartan inhibit apoptosis of Hl-1 cardiac myocytes expressing E334k cMyBPC?
Do b56γ tumor-associated mutations provide new mechanisms for B56γ-PP2A tumor suppressor activity?
Is overexpression of hypoxia inducible factor-1 alpha an independent risk factor for recurrence after curative resection of colorectal liver metastases?
Does immunoprofiling of oral squamous cell carcinomas reveal high p63 and survivin expression?
Do nOTCH1 mutations influence survival in chronic lymphocytic leukemia patients?
Do nanoparticles engineered with rituximab and loaded with Nutlin-3 show promising therapeutic activity in B-leukemic xenografts?
Does silent information regulator 1 protect the brain against cerebral ischemic damage?
Does mitochondria protection with ginkgolide B-loaded polymeric nanocapsules prevent diethylnitrosamine-induced hepatocarcinoma in rats?
Is apoptosis in the murine rd1 retinal degeneration predominantly p53-independent?
Is the coordinated p53 and estrogen receptor cis-regulation at an FLT1 promoter SNP specific to genotoxic stress and estrogenic compound?
Do [ SOCS1 knockdown sensitize anti-tumor activity of IFN-alpha2a-NGR ]?
Does epidermal growth factor induce HCCR expression via PI3K/Akt/mTOR signaling in PANC-1 pancreatic cancer cells?
Is p53-insensitive PUMA down-regulation essential in the early phase of liver regeneration after partial hepatectomy in mice?
Does promotion of CHIP-mediated p53 degradation protect the heart from ischemic injury?
Is y chromosome loss a frequent early event in urothelial bladder cancer?
Does thymidylate synthase inhibition induce p53-dependent and p53-independent apoptotic responses in human urinary bladder cancer cells?
Is iSG20L1 a p53 family target gene that modulates genotoxic stress-induced autophagy?
Does rbAp48 be Critical for the Proliferation of Hypopharyngeal Carcinoma?
Does hsp27 act as a Master Molecular Chaperone and Plays an Essential Role in Hepatocellular Carcinoma Progression?
Do p53 Deletion or Hotspot Mutations Enhance mTORC1 Activity by Altering Lysosomal Dynamics of TSC2 and Rheb?
Do mutational landscapes of tongue carcinoma reveal recurrent mutations in genes of therapeutic and prognostic relevance?
Does microRNA-125b promote tumor metastasis through targeting tumor protein 53-induced nuclear protein 1 in patients with non-small-cell lung cancer?
Is interaction of Helicobacter pylori with genetic variants in the MDM2 promoter , associated with gastric cancer susceptibility in Chinese patients?
Does overexpression of FOXG1 contribute to TGF-beta resistance through inhibition of p21WAF1/CIP1 expression in ovarian cancer?
Is p53 dispensable for the induction of apoptosis after inhibition of protein kinase CK2?
Does expression of p53 , p21 and p16 correlate with response to preoperative chemoradiation in gastric carcinoma?
Does treatment reduce or stabilizes brain imaging abnormalities in patients with MPS I and II?
Are stress response genes suppressed in mouse preimplantation embryos by granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor ( GM-CSF )?
Do thiamine and benfotiamine prevent apoptosis induced by high glucose-conditioned extracellular matrix in human retinal pericytes?
Does the common stress responsive transcription factor ATF3 bound genomic sites enriched with p300 and H3K27ac for transcriptional regulation?
Does isoquercetin ameliorate tunicamycin-induced apoptosis in rat dorsal root ganglion neurons via suppressing ROS-dependent endoplasmic reticulum stress?
Does temozolomide promote genomic and phenotypic changes in glioblastoma cells?
Does cYP1A1 activation of aminoflavone lead to DNA damage in human tumor cell lines?
Is determination of TP53 mutation more relevant than microsatellite instability status for the prediction of disease-free survival in adjuvant-treated stage III colon cancer patients?
Does tumor suppressor in lung cancer 1 ( TSLC1 ) alter tumorigenic growth properties and gene expression?
Do novel curcumin- and emodin-related compounds identified by in silico 2D/3D conformer screening induce apoptosis in tumor cells?
Is nuclear hTERT immunohistochemical expression associated with survival of patients with urothelial bladder cancer?
Is immunohistochemical expression of Bcl2 an independent predictor of time-to-biochemical failure in patients with clinically localized prostate cancer following radical prostatectomy?
Are in B-CLL , the codon 72 polymorphic variants of p53 related to drug resistance and disease prognosis?
Is tumor response to neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy for rectal adenocarcinoma mediated by p53-dependent and caspase 8-dependent apoptotic pathways?
Does bCL-6 expression predict improved survival in patients with primary central nervous system lymphoma?
Does tissue microarray analysis reveal prognostic significance of syndecan-1 expression in prostate cancer?
Do glucose degradation products increase apoptosis of human mesothelial cells?
Do p53 mutations and overexpression affect prognosis of ovarian endometrioid cancer but not clear cell cancer?
Are amplification of erbB2 and erbB2 expression superior to estrogen receptor status as risk factors for distant recurrence in pT1N0M0 breast cancer : a nationwide population-based study?
Is reduced retinoblastoma gene protein to Ki-67 ratio an adverse prognostic indicator for ovarian adenocarcinoma patients?
Is detection of PAX8 and p53 beneficial in recognizing metastatic carcinomas in pelvic washings , especially in cases with suspicious cytology?
Does lycium barbarum polysaccharide stimulate proliferation of MCF-7 cells by the ERK pathway?
Does recombinant human decorin suppress liver HepG2 carcinoma cells by p21 upregulation?
Does overexpression of SMYD2 contribute to malignant outcome in gastric cancer?
Do recurrent LRP1-SNRNP25 and KCNMB4-CCND3 fusion genes promote tumor cell motility in human osteosarcoma?
Is tP53 mutational status a potential marker for risk stratification in Wilms tumour with diffuse anaplasia?
Does simultaneous silencing of multiple RB and p53 pathway members induce cell cycle reentry in intact human pancreatic islets?
Does massively parallel sequencing identify recurrent mutations in TP53 in thymic carcinoma associated with poor prognosis?
Do metastatic tumor evolution and organoid modeling implicate TGFBR2 as a cancer driver in diffuse gastric cancer?
Are t-cell levels prognostic in mantle cell lymphoma?
Are cOX-2 and PPARgamma expression potential markers of recurrence risk in mammary duct carcinoma in-situ?
Does p53 enhance ascorbyl stearate-induced G2/M arrest of human ovarian cancer cells?
Is p53 an indicator of tumor progression in early but not advanced gastric carcinomas?
Does the radioprotector Bowman-Birk proteinase inhibitor stimulate DNA repair via epidermal growth factor receptor phosphorylation and nuclear transport?
Is p53 an independent prognostic factor for survival in thyroid cancer?
Does low-dose local kidney irradiation inhibit progression of experimental crescentic nephritis by promoting apoptosis?
Is fas expression associated with a better prognosis in laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma?
Does gastroesophageal reflux lead to esophageal cancer in a surgical model with mice?
Does mLH1 mediate PARP-dependent cell death in response to the methylating agent N-methyl-N-nitrosourea?
Do changes in transcriptome after in vivo exposure to ionising radiation reveal a highly specialised liver response?
Is a shift from nuclear to cytoplasmic breast cancer metastasis suppressor 1 expression associated with highly proliferative estrogen receptor-negative breast cancers?
Is nuclear cyclin B1 overexpressed in low-malignant-potential ovarian tumors but not in epithelial ovarian cancer?
Does the Expression of Ubiquitous Mitochondrial Creatine Kinase be Downregulated as Prostate Cancer Progression?
Does silencing of ZNF139-siRNA induce apoptosis in human gastric cancer cell line BGC823?
Do novel immunohistochemical markers differentiate intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma from benign bile duct lesions?
Does dendrobium candidum inhibit MCF-7 cells proliferation by inducing cell cycle arrest at G2/M phase and regulating key biomarkers?
Do low concentrations of 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine induce breast cancer stem cell differentiation by triggering tumor suppressor gene expression?
Is haem oxygenase 1 expression associated with prognosis in cholangiocarcinoma patients and with drug sensitivity in xenografted mice?
Are lesions in patients with multifocal adenocarcinoma more frequently in the right upper lobes?
Does molecular classification identify a subset of human papillomavirus -- associated oropharyngeal cancers with favorable prognosis?
Are bRAF mutations associated with distinctive clinical , pathological and molecular features of colorectal cancer independently of microsatellite instability status?
Do polymorphisms in DNA repair genes modulate survival in cisplatin/gemcitabine-treated non-small-cell lung cancer patients?
Does expression of carbonic anhydrase IX in astrocytic tumors predict poor prognosis?
Is the interferon antagonist NS2 protein of respiratory syncytial virus an important virulence determinant for humans?
Does aloe-emodin induce apoptosis in T24 human bladder cancer cells through the p53 dependent apoptotic pathway?
Is cytotoxicity of natural extract from Tegillarca granosa on ovarian cancer cells mediated by multiple molecules?
Does p53 prevent immature escaping from cell cycle G2 checkpoint arrest through inhibiting cdk2-dependent NF-Y phosphorylation?
Is the diversity profile of TP53 influenced by positive selection on the immediately upstream locus WDR79?
Is primary open angle glaucoma in a Caucasian population associated with the p53 codon 72 polymorphism?
Does postexercise High-Fat Feeding suppress p70S6K1 Activity in Human Skeletal Muscle?
Does mutation spectrum of TP53 gene predict clinicopathological features and survival of gastric cancer?
Does moringa oleifera 's Nutritious Aqueous Leaf Extract have Anticancerous Effects by Compromising Mitochondrial Viability in an ROS-Dependent Manner?
Do intratumoral Immune Cell Densities Are Associated with Lung Adenocarcinoma Gene Alterations?
Does eTS-Transcription Factor ETV1 regulate Stromal Expansion and Metastasis in Pancreatic Cancer?
Does sCCRO ( DCUN1D1 ) induce extracellular matrix invasion by activating matrix metalloproteinase 2?
Is cyclin D1 frequently overexpressed in microsatellite unstable colorectal cancer , independent of CpG island methylator phenotype?
Does inhibition of protein kinase Cbeta prevent foam cell formation by reducing scavenger receptor A expression in human macrophages?
Are methylation of O6-methylguanine DNA methyltransferase and loss of heterozygosity on 19q and/or 17p overlapping features of secondary glioblastomas with prolonged survival?
Is 18q loss of heterozygosity in microsatellite stable colorectal cancer correlated with CpG island methylator phenotype-negative ( CIMP-0 ) and inversely with CIMP-low and CIMP-high?
Is nectin-4 a new histological and serological tumor associated marker for breast cancer?
Is the tetraspanin superfamily member NET-6 a new tumor suppressor gene?
Is p53 expression associated with malignant potential in xenograft tissues of a fibrosarcoma mouse model?
Do gastric cancers of the microsatellite mutator phenotype display characteristic genetic and clinical features?
Is caffeine-increased radiosensitivity dependent on a loss of G2/M arrest or apoptosis in bladder cancer cell lines?
Is analysis of the p53/BAX pathway in colorectal cancer : low BAX a negative prognostic factor in patients with resected liver metastases?
Is expression of protein p27 associated with progression and prognosis in laryngeal cancer?
Is aberrantly activated pSTAT3-Ser727 in human endometrial cancer suppressed by HO-3867 , a novel STAT3 inhibitor?
Do unbiased proteomic and transcript analyses reveal that stathmin-1 silencing inhibits colorectal cancer metastasis and sensitizes to 5-fluorouracil treatment?
Is loss of LKB1 in high-grade endometrial carcinoma : LKB1 a novel transcriptional target of p53?
Is cooperation of C/EBP family proteins and chromatin remodeling proteins essential for termination of liver regeneration?
Is tRIM59 up-regulated in gastric tumors , promoting ubiquitination and degradation of p53?
Are elevated levels of apoptosis regulator proteins p53 and bcl-2 independent prognostic biomarkers in surgically treated clinically localized prostate cancer?
Do p53-dependent G1 arrest and p53-independent apoptosis influence the radiobiologic response of glioblastoma?
Does tubeimoside-1 induce oxidative stress-mediated apoptosis and G0/G1 phase arrest in human prostate carcinoma cells in vitro?
Does coexistent Loss of the Expressions of BRCA1 and p53 predict Poor Prognosis in Triple-Negative Breast Cancer?
Does deficiency of clusterin inhibit neointimal hyperplasia after vascular injury?
Is n-methyl-N-nitrosourea-induced retinal degeneration in mice independent of the p53 gene?
Do p53 Levels positively correlate with carotid intima-media thickness in patients with subclinical atherosclerosis?
Is aneuploidy associated with TP53 expression but not with BRCA1 or TERT expression in sporadic colorectal cancer?
Does zeranol enhance the proliferation of pre-adipocytes in beef heifers?
Does transcriptional adaptations following exercise in thoroughbred horse skeletal muscle highlight molecular mechanisms that lead to muscle hypertrophy?
Is adenovirus-mediated p53 growth inhibition of ovarian cancer cells independent of endogenous p53 status?
Does ionizing radiation enhance immunogenicity of cells expressing a tumor-specific T-cell epitope?
Does proteasome inhibition sensitize non-small-cell lung cancer to gemcitabine-induced apoptosis?
Does bcl-2 protein expression correlate with better prognosis in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer?
Is cD95-mediated apoptosis impaired at receptor level by cellular FLICE-inhibitory protein ( long form ) in wild-type p53 human ovarian carcinoma?
Is cyclin D1 , p53 , and p21Waf1/Cip1 expression predictive of poor clinical outcome in serous epithelial ovarian cancer?
Are tumor histology and stage but not p53 , Her2-neu or cathepsin-D expression independent prognostic factors in breast cancer patients?
Does x-irradiation to human malignant glioma cells enhance the cytotoxicity of autologous killer lymphocytes under specific conditions?
Does granulocyte colony-stimulating factor generate epigenetic and genetic alterations in lymphocytes of normal volunteer donors of stem cells?
Does the combination of p53 mutation and neu/erbB-2 amplification is associate with poor survival in node-negative breast cancer?
Is tP53 codon 72 Arg/Arg polymorphism associated with a higher risk for inflammatory bowel disease development?
Is survivin Down-regulation by α-Santalol Mediated Through PI3K-AKT Pathway in Human Breast Cancer Cells?
Does overexpression of CDT1 be a Predictor of Poor Survival in Patients with Hepatocellular Carcinoma?
Does hyaluronic Acid Inhibitor 4-Methylumbelliferone activate the Intrinsic Apoptosis Pathway in K562 Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia Cells?
Does vascular Smooth Muscle Cell Senescence promote Atherosclerosis and Features of Plaque Vulnerability?
Does p53 contribute to Cisplatin Induced Renal Oxidative Damage via Regulating P66shc and MnSOD?
Does calcitonin Gene-Related Peptide improve Hypoxia-Induced Inflammation and Apoptosis via Nitric Oxide in H9c2 Cardiomyoblast Cells?
Does bCL-2 and p53 expression in clinically localized prostate cancer predict response to external beam radiotherapy?
Is down-regulation of p27Kip1 expression correlated with increased cell proliferation but not expression of p21waf1 and p53 , and human papillomavirus infection in benign and malignant tumours of sinonasal regions?
Is p53 but not bcl-2 expressed by most cholangiocarcinomas : a study of 28 cases?
Is irradiation-induced up-regulation of Fas in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma accompanied by Fas ligand-mediated apoptosis?
Are ultraviolet radiation-induced p53 responses in the epidermis differentiation-dependent?
Does cip1 block the initiation of DNA replication in Xenopus extracts by inhibition of cyclin-dependent kinases?
Is p53 an independent predictor of tumor recurrence and progression after nephrectomy in patients with localized renal cell carcinoma?
Do human monocyte-derived dendritic cells pulsed with wild-type p53 protein efficiently induce CTLs against p53 overexpressing human cancer cells?
Does infliximab induce potent anti-inflammatory responses by outside-to-inside signals through transmembrane TNF-alpha?
Is mutation of TP53 gene involved in carcinogenesis of hepatic undifferentiated ( embryonal ) sarcoma of the adult , in contrast with Wnt or telomerase pathways : an immunohistochemical study of three cases with genomic relation in two cases?
Is s100A2 overexpression frequently observed in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma?
Is nuclear expression of maspin associated with a lower recurrence rate and a longer disease-free interval after surgery for squamous cell carcinoma of the larynx?
Does overexpression of protein kinase Cdelta enhance cisplatin-induced cytotoxicity correlated with p53 in gastric cancer cell line?
Does keratin 17 expression correlate with tumor progression and poor prognosis in gastric adenocarcinoma?
Does high-throughput mutation profiling identify frequent somatic mutations in advanced gastric adenocarcinoma?
Do menin and p53 have non-synergistic effects on tumorigenesis in mice?
Does deletion of IFNγ enhance hepatocarcinogenesis in FXR knockout mice?
Do genetic polymorphisms influence the ovarian response to rFSH stimulation in patients undergoing in vitro fertilization programs with ICSI?
Does humoral immune response to p53 correlate with clinical course in colorectal cancer patients during adjuvant chemotherapy?
Do tP53 gene mutations predict the response to neoadjuvant treatment with 5-fluorouracil and mitomycin in locally advanced breast cancer?
Is p73 Expression in human normal and tumor tissues : loss of p73alpha expression associated with tumor progression in bladder cancer?
Are sV40 Tag DNA sequences , present in a small proportion of human hepatocellular carcinomas , associated with reduced survival?
Does rac1 signalling mediate doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity through both reactive oxygen species-dependent and -independent pathways?
Does caveolin 1 expression correlate with poor prognosis and focal adhesion kinase expression in gastric cancer?
Are the APE1 Asp/Asp genotype and the combination of APE1 Asp/Asp and hOGG1-Cys variants associated with increased p53 mutation in non-small cell lung cancer?
Does expression of TIP-1 confer radioresistance of malignant glioma cells?
Does topical nutlin-3a decrease photocarcinogenesis induced by simulated solar radiation in hairless mice?
Does aquaporin 3 ( AQP3 ) participate in the cytotoxic response to nucleoside-derived drugs?
Does whole exome sequencing of pediatric gastric adenocarcinoma reveal an atypical presentation of Li-Fraumeni syndrome?
Is loss of S100A14 expression associated with the progression of adenocarcinomas of the small intestine?
Is a polymorphism ( rs1042522 ) in TP53 gene a risk factor for Down Syndrome in Sicilian mothers?
Is hypoxic resistance of KRAS mutant tumor cells to 3-Bromopyruvate counteracted by Prima-1 and reversed by N-acetylcysteine?
Is lymphovascular infiltration in the tumor bed a useful marker of biological behavior in breast cancer?
Does 53BP1 loss induce chemoresistance of colorectal cancer cells to 5-fluorouracil by inhibiting the ATM-CHK2-P53 pathway?
Does cyclin D mediate tolerance of genome-doubling in cancers with functional p53?
Does carbon monoxide inhibit apoptosis in vascular smooth muscle cells?
Does loss of cellular adhesion to matrix induce p53-independent expression of PTEN tumor suppressor?
Does apoptosis protection by the Epo target Bcl-X ( L ) allow factor-independent differentiation of primary erythroblasts?
Is the TP53 genotype but not immunohistochemical result predictive of response to cisplatin-based neoadjuvant therapy in stage III non-small cell lung cancer?
Is markedly elevated cell turnover characteristic of small , deeply invasive carcinomas of the colorectum?
Does clear cell carcinoma have an expression pattern of cell cycle regulatory molecules that is unique among ovarian adenocarcinomas?
Does p53 gene transfer to the injured rat carotid artery promote apoptosis?
Is downregulation of p21/WAF1 related to advanced and dedifferentiated laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma?
Does adenovirus-mediated E2F-1 gene transfer efficiently induce apoptosis in melanoma cells?
Is bcl-2 protein expression associated with better prognosis in colorectal cancer?
Is accumulation of p53 protein frequent in ovarian cancers associated with BRCA1 and BRCA2 germline mutations?
Are histologic grade and CD44 independent predictors of axillary lymph node invasion in early ( T1 ) breast cancer?
Does intratumor microvessel density in biopsy specimens predict local response of hypopharyngeal cancer to radiotherapy?
Does nuclear expression of apurinic/apyrimidinic endonuclease increase with progression of ovarian carcinomas?
Does allitridi induce apoptosis by affecting Bcl-2 expression and caspase-3 activity in human gastric cancer cells?
Is glomeruloid microvascular proliferation associated with lack of response to chemotherapy in breast cancer?
Are cell cycle and aging , morphogenesis , and response to stimuli genes individualized biomarkers of glioblastoma progression and survival?
Does apoptosis occur differentially according to glomerular size in diabetic kidney disease?
Is increased tissue factor expression associated with reduced survival in non-small cell lung cancer and with mutations of TP53 and PTEN?
Does circulating estradiol define the tumor phenotype in menopausal breast cancer patients?
Does amphiregulin induce the alternative splicing of p73 into its oncogenic isoform DeltaEx2p73 in human hepatocellular tumors?
Does scutellarin sensitize drug-evoked colon cancer cell apoptosis through enhanced caspase-6 activation?
Does cDNA sequencing improve the detection of P53 missense mutations in colorectal cancer?
Is inhibition of proteasome activity by bortezomib in renal cancer cells p53 dependent and VHL independent?
Do high-grade and low-grade pelvic serous neoplasms demonstrate differential p53 immunoreactivity in peritoneal washings?
Does solamargine induce apoptosis associated with p53 transcription-dependent and transcription-independent pathways in human osteosarcoma U2OS cells?
Does comprehensive mapping of p53 pathway alterations reveal an apparent role for both SNP309 and MDM2 amplification in sarcomagenesis?
Does pituitary adenylyl cyclase activating polypeptide inhibit gli1 gene expression and proliferation in primary medulloblastoma derived tumorsphere cultures?
Does glycogen synthase kinase-3 ( GSK-3 ) inhibition attenuate hepatocyte lipoapoptosis?
Does phosphoproteomics profiling of human skin fibroblast cells reveal pathways and proteins affected by low doses of ionizing radiation?
Is reduced pulmonary function age-dependent in the rat lung in normoxia?
Does the antagonism between MCT-1 and p53 affect the tumorigenic outcomes?
Does [ Bufalin induce apoptosis in osteosarcoma U-2OS and U-2OS methotrexate 300-resistant cell lines in vitro ]?
Do biological functions of the genes in the mammaprint breast cancer profile reflect the hallmarks of cancer?
Is recombinant adenovirus vector expressing wild-type p53 a potent inhibitor of prostate cancer cell proliferation?
Are tumor microvessel density , p53 expression , tumor size , and peritumoral lymphatic vessel invasion relevant prognostic markers in node-negative breast carcinoma?
Is mutation of tumor suppressor gene p53 frequently found in vulvar carcinoma cells?
Does hydrogen-Rich Saline attenuate Acute Kidney Injury After Liver Transplantation via Activating p53-Mediated Autophagy?
Does selective dysfunction of p53 for mitochondrial biogenesis induce cellular proliferation in bronchial smooth muscle from asthmatic patients?
Does tP53 Codon 72 Polymorphism predict Efficacy of Paclitaxel Plus Capecitabine Chemotherapy in Advanced Gastric Cancer Patients?
Are american Gastroenterological Association guidelines inaccurate in detecting pancreatic cysts with advanced neoplasia : a clinicopathologic study of 225 patients with supporting molecular data?
Does bone morphogenetic protein signaling promote tumorigenesis in a murine model of high-grade glioma?
Does [ PTTG1 enhance Hepatitis B Virus replication through P53 ]?
Does p53 overexpression increase chemosensitivity in multidrug-resistant osteosarcoma cell lines?
Do pancreas-specific activation of mTOR and loss of p53 induce tumors reminiscent of acinar cell carcinoma?
Is aKR1B10 , a transcriptional target of p53 , downregulated in colorectal cancers associated with poor prognosis?
Does salinomycin increase chemosensitivity to the effects of doxorubicin in soft tissue sarcomas?
Does miR-155 promote proliferation of human breast cancer MCF-7 cells through targeting tumor protein 53-induced nuclear protein 1?
Is postprandial activation of p53-dependent DNA repair modified by Mediterranean diet supplemented with coenzyme Q10 in elderly subjects?
Does p53 overexpression predict endometrial carcinoma recurrence better than HER-2/neu overexpression?
Is senescence of cultured porcine coronary arterial endothelial cells associated with accelerated oxidative stress and activation of NFkB?
Is extent of differential allelic expression of candidate breast cancer genes similar in blood and breast?
Does 2-Deoxy-D-glucose enhance TRAIL-induced apoptosis in human melanoma cells through XBP-1-mediated up-regulation of TRAIL-R2?
Does cENPA overexpression promote genome instability in pRb-depleted human cells?
Is timing of acquisition of deletion 13 in plasma cell dyscrasias dependent on genetic context?
Is expression of aldehyde dehydrogenase 1 ( ALDH1 ) associated with basal-like markers and features of aggressive tumours in African breast cancer?
Does intratumoral delivery of docetaxel enhance antitumor activity of Ad-p53 in murine head and neck cancer xenograft model?
Does bortezomib suppress focal adhesion kinase expression via interrupting nuclear factor-kappa B?
Is polymorphism of the p53 tumor suppressor gene associated with susceptibility to uterine leiomyoma?
Is expression of inducible nitric oxide synthase significantly correlated with expression of vascular endothelial growth factor and dendritic cell infiltration in patients with advanced gastric carcinoma?
Is loss of FHIT expression in breast cancer correlated with poor prognostic markers?
Is the Ras effector RASSF2 a novel tumor-suppressor gene in human colorectal cancer?
Do breast cancer patients with p53 Pro72 homozygous genotype have a poorer survival?
Is the prognostic value of p53 and c-erb B-2 immunostaining overrated for patients with lymph node negative breast carcinoma : a multivariate analysis of prognostic factors in 613 patients with a follow-up of 14-30 years?
Is high local recurrence risk after breast-conserving therapy in node-negative premenopausal breast cancer patients greatly reduced by one course of perioperative chemotherapy : A European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer Breast Cancer Cooperative Group Study?
Is the small variant of the apoptosis-associated X-chromosome RBM10 gene co-expressed with caspase-3 in breast cancer?
Does restoration of tumor suppressor miR-34 inhibit human p53-mutant gastric cancer tumorspheres?
Does epothilone B induce glioblastoma cell death via survivin down-regulation?
Does [ DNA damage induce BRCA1 distribution alteration in prostate cancer cell lines ]?
Does nevirapine induce growth arrest and premature senescence in human cervical carcinoma cells?
Is sp1 involved in H2O2-induced PUMA gene expression and apoptosis in colorectal cancer cells?
Is extensive alteration in the expression profiles of TGFB pathway signaling components and TP53 observed along the gastric dysplasia-carcinoma sequence?
Does geminin prevent DNA damage in vagal neural crest cells to ensure normal enteric neurogenesis?
Does oS 02-07 WNT5A/ROR2 suppress THE PROLIFERATION OF SMOOTH MUSCLE CELL VIA PKC SIGNALING PATHWAY?
Is iL-6 trans-signaling essential for the development of hepatocellular carcinoma in mice?
Is after portal branch ligation in the rat , cellular proliferation associated with selective induction of c-Ha-ras , p53 , cyclin E , and Cdk2?
Does localized Irradiation of Cell Membrane by Auger Electrons be Cytotoxic Through Oxidative Stress-Mediated Nontargeted Effects?
Does mutational analysis of anal cancers demonstrate frequent PIK3CA mutations associated with poor outcome after salvage abdominoperineal resection?
Is biomarkers of EBV-positive Gastric Cancers : Loss of PTEN Expression Associated with Poor Prognosis and Nodal Metastasis?
Does dryocrassin ABBA induce Apoptosis in Human Hepatocellular Carcinoma HepG2 Cells Through a Caspase-Dependent Mitochondrial Pathway?
Are vimentin over-expression and carbonic anhydrase IX under-expression independent predictors of recurrence , specific and overall survival in non-metastatic clear-cell renal carcinoma : a validation study?
Does acute Endurance Exercise induce Nuclear p53 Abundance in Human Skeletal Muscle?
Is high Ki67/BCL2 index associated with worse outcome in early stage breast cancer?
Does squamous Metaplasia be Increased in the Bronchial Epithelium of Smokers with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease?
Does p63 expression define a lethal subset of muscle-invasive bladder cancers?
Does microRNA-211 expression promote colorectal cancer cell growth in vitro and in vivo by targeting tumor suppressor CHD5?
Does human papillomavirus 18 E6 inhibit phosphorylation of p53 expressed in HeLa cells?
Does bRCAness profile of sporadic ovarian cancer predict disease recurrence?
Do high and low LET radiation differentially induce normal tissue damage signals?
Is interleukin-8 the single most up-regulated gene in whole genome profiling of H. pylori exposed gastric epithelial cells?
Do fibroid explants reveal a higher sensitivity against MDM2-inhibitor nutlin-3 than matching myometrium?
Does protein phosphatase 2A mediate dormancy of glioblastoma multiforme-derived tumor stem-like cells during hypoxia?
Does including the p53 ELAV-like protein-binding site in vector cassettes enhance transgene expression in rat submandibular gland?
Does gW8510 increase insulin expression in pancreatic alpha cells through activation of p53 transcriptional activity?
Does 18F-FDG microPET imaging detect early transient response to an IGF1R inhibitor in genetically engineered rhabdomyosarcoma models?
Do nAMPT ( visfatin ) and AKT1 genetic variants associate with myocardial infarction?
Does the N-terminally truncated p53 isoform Δ40p53 influence prognosis in mucinous ovarian cancer?
Does repeated lipopolysaccharide stimulation induce cellular senescence in BV2 cells?
Does sIRT1 Expression be Associated with Good Prognosis in Colorectal Cancer?
Does tigarB cause mitochondrial dysfunction and neuronal loss in PINK1 deficiency?
Are acetylation status of P53 and the expression of DBC1 , SIRT1 , and androgen receptor associated with survival in clear cell renal cell carcinoma patients?
Is cardiomyocyte protection by GATA-4 gene engineered mesenchymal stem cells partially mediated by translocation of miR-221 in microvesicles?
Does over-expression of PUMA correlate with the apoptosis of spinal cord cells in rat neuropathic intermittent claudication model?
Does expression of pAkt affect p53 codon 72 polymorphism-based prediction of response to radiotherapy in nasopharyngeal carcinoma?
Does overexpression of SIRT1 promote high glucose-attenuated corneal epithelial wound healing via p53 regulation of the IGFBP3/IGF-1R/AKT pathway?
Is caspase-2 involved in cell death induction by taxanes in breast cancer cells?
Does loss of PML cooperate with mutant p53 to drive more aggressive cancers in a gender-dependent manner?
Does disrupting circadian homeostasis of sympathetic signaling promote tumor development in mice?
Does quercetin abrogate chemoresistance in melanoma cells by modulating deltaNp73?
Does radiotherapy suppress angiogenesis in mice through TGF-betaRI/ALK5-dependent inhibition of endothelial cell sprouting?
Does adenovirus-mediated expression of truncated E2F-1 suppress tumor growth in vitro and in vivo?
Does high-throughput sequencing identify STAT3 as the DNA-associated factor for p53-NF-kappaB-complex-dependent gene expression in human heart failure?
Does the new platinum ( IV ) derivative LA-12 show stronger inhibitory effect on Hsp90 function compared to cisplatin?
Is direct activation of forkhead box O3 by tumor suppressors p53 and p73 disrupted during liver regeneration in mice?
Does phospho-Akt overexpression in non-small cell lung cancer confer significant stage-independent survival disadvantage?
Does expression of deltaNp73 predict poor prognosis in lung cancer?
Does synthetic retinoid CD437 induce S-phase arrest and apoptosis in human prostate cancer cells LNCaP and PC-3?
Does eugenol trigger apoptosis in breast cancer cells through E2F1/survivin down-regulation?
Does mitochondrial translocation of p53 modulate neuronal fate by preventing differentiation-induced mitochondrial stress?
Is rb loss characteristic of prostatic small cell neuroendocrine carcinoma?
Does activation of DNA damage response by antitumor therapy counteract the activity of vinca alkaloids?
Are p53-participated cellular and molecular responses to irradiation cell differentiation-determined in murine intestinal epithelium?
Does antifungal activity of cinnamic acid derivatives involve inhibition of benzoate 4-hydroxylase ( CYP53 )?
Do low-oxygen culture conditions extend the multipotent properties of human retinal progenitor cells?
Are the oncogenic properties of EWS/WT1 of desmoplastic small round cell tumors unmasked by loss of p53 in murine embryonic fibroblasts?
Does epigallocatechin gallate accelerate the early phase of liver regeneration after partial hepatectomy in rats?
Is induction of DNA damage and p21-dependent senescence by Riccardin D a novel mechanism contributing to its growth suppression in prostate cancer cells in vitro and in vivo?
Do sulphoxythiocarbamates modify cysteine residues in HSP90 causing degradation of client proteins and inhibition of cancer cell proliferation?
Is a genetic variant in p63 ( rs17506395 ) associated with breast cancer susceptibility and prognosis?
Does [ Garlic oil induce differentiation and apoptosis of human gastric cancer cell line ]?
Does immunohistochemical assessment of Ki67 and p53 expression assist the diagnosis and grading of ulcerative colitis-related dysplasia?
Is expression of thymidylate synthase in human gastric and colorectal adenocarcinomas upregulated by p16/INK4?
Is rhabdoid tumour of the lung a dedifferentiated phenotype of pulmonary adenocarcinoma?
Does intratumoral microvessel density predict local treatment failure of radically irradiated squamous cell cancer of the oropharynx?
Does pattern of mutant p53 expression in human astrocytomas suggest the existence of alternate pathways of tumorigenesis?
Is checkpoint kinase1 ( CHK1 ) an important biomarker in breast cancer having a role in chemotherapy response?
Does rosiglitazone ameliorate senescence-like phenotypes in a cellular photoaging model?
Does strong hypoxia reduce leptin synthesis in purified primary human trophoblasts?
Does exogenous p53 upregulated modulator of apoptosis ( PUMA ) decrease growth of lung cancer A549 cells?
Does hotspot mutation panel testing reveal clonal evolution in a study of 265 paired primary and metastatic tumors?
Do retinal pigment epithelial cells display specific transcriptional responses upon TNF-α stimulation?
Do p53 and ΔNp63α Coregulate the Transcriptional and Cellular Response to TGFβ and BMP Signals?
Does berberine inhibit the proliferation of human uterine leiomyoma cells?
Does the Novel H7N9 Influenza A Virus NS1 induce p53-Mediated Apoptosis of A549 Cells?
Do antagonists to endothelin receptor type B promote apoptosis in human pulmonary arterial smooth muscle cells?
Does heat Killed Attenuated Leishmania induce Apoptosis of HepG2 Cells Through ROS Mediated p53 Dependent Mitochondrial Pathway?
Are kRAS and Combined KRAS/TP53 Mutations in Locally Advanced Rectal Cancer Independently Associated with Decreased Response to Neoadjuvant Therapy?
Is pTEN a potent suppressor of small cell lung cancer?
Does silencing of protein kinase D2 induce glioma cell senescence via p53-dependent and -independent pathways?
Does aTF3 activate Stat3 phosphorylation through inhibition of p53 expression in skin cancer cells?
Does pAI-1 lead to G1-phase cell-cycle progression through cyclin D3/cdk4/6 upregulation?
Do gATA3 mutations define a unique subtype of luminal-like breast cancer with improved survival?
Does resveratrol attenuate hypoxic injury in a primary hepatocyte model of hemorrhagic shock and resuscitation?
Does aldose reductase-mediated phosphorylation of p53 lead to mitochondrial dysfunction and damage in diabetic platelets?
Does sN50 enhance the effects of LY294002 on cell death induction in gastric cancer cell line SGC7901?
Does betulinic acid induce apoptosis through a direct effect on mitochondria in neuroectodermal tumors?
Do pilocytic astrocytomas show most of the genetic changes commonly seen in diffuse astrocytomas?
Does adenoviral-mediated p53 transgene expression sensitize both wild-type and null p53 prostate cancer cells in vitro to radiation?
Do p53 mutations and loss of p53 function confer multidrug resistance in neuroblastoma?
Is expression of multidrug resistance related proteins and proliferative activity increased in advanced clinical prostate cancer?
Does nitric oxide diminish apoptosis and p53 gene expression after renal ischemia and reperfusion injury?
Does antibody to transforming growth factor-beta ameliorate tubular apoptosis in unilateral ureteral obstruction?
Does sIRT1 regulate oncogenesis via a mutant p53-dependent pathway in hepatocellular carcinoma?
Does functional kinomics identify candidate therapeutic targets in head and neck cancer?
Does tAK1 inhibition accelerate cellular senescence of retinal pigment epithelial cells?
Does nicotine promote initiation and progression of KRAS-induced pancreatic cancer via Gata6-dependent dedifferentiation of acinar cells in mice?
Does [ Recombinant Trichinella spiralis-53000 protein alleviate liver damage due to lipopolysaccharides via M2 macrophage activation ]?
Is detection of isolated tumor cells in bone marrow an independent prognostic factor in breast cancer?
Does the p53-inhibitor pifithrin-alpha inhibit firefly luciferase activity in vivo and in vitro?
Is id4 deregulated by a t ( 6 ; 14 ) ( p22 ; q32 ) chromosomal translocation in a B-cell lineage acute lymphoblastic leukemia?
Is pyrazoloacridine active in multidrug-resistant neuroblastoma cell lines with nonfunctional p53?
Is p53 expression status a significant molecular marker in predicting the time to endocrine therapy failure in recurrent breast cancer : a cohort study?
Does high-risk human papillomavirus affect prognosis in patients with surgically treated oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma?
Does cOX-2 inhibitor celecoxib suppress tumor growth and lung metastasis of a murine mammary cancer?
Does intrahepatic delivery of alpha-galactosylceramide-pulsed dendritic cells suppress liver tumor?
Is transcriptome classification of HCC related to gene alterations and to new therapeutic targets?
Do retinoblastoma protein expression and MIB-1 correlate with survival of patients with malignant astrocytoma?
Is expression of bcl-2 in bladder neoplasms a cell lineage associated and p53-independent event?
Are osteopontin and p53 expression associated with tumor progression in a case of synchronous , bilateral , invasive mammary carcinomas?
Is apoptosis in human hepatocellular carcinoma and in liver cell dysplasia correlated with p53 protein immunoreactivity?
Does [ Omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid promote colon carcinogenesis ]?
Does activation of p53 enhance apoptosis and insulin resistance in a rat model of alcoholic liver disease?
Does p53 impair endothelial function by transcriptionally repressing Kruppel-Like Factor 2?
Do spontaneously immortalised bovine mammary epithelial cells exhibit a distinct gene expression pattern from the breast cancer cells?
Is down-regulation of Bcl-2 mediated by NF-κB activation in Helicobacter pylori-induced apoptosis of gastric epithelial cells?
Does apoptotic protein expression in favorable-histology Wilms tumor correlate with tumor recurrence?
Do sporadic breast carcinomas with somatic BRCA1 gene deletions share genotype/phenotype features with familial breast carcinomas?
Do meiotic errors activate checkpoints that improve gamete quality without triggering apoptosis in male germ cells?
Does expression profiling of ion channel genes predict clinical outcome in breast cancer?
Does cisplatin induce cell cycle arrest and senescence via upregulating P53 and P21 expression in HepG2 cells?
Are variations in ncRNA gene LOC284889 and MIF-794CATT repeats associated with malaria susceptibility in Indian populations?
Does the novel HDAC inhibitor NDACI054 sensitize human cancer cells to radiotherapy?
Is survival in stage II/III colorectal cancer independently predicted by chromosomal and microsatellite instability , but not by specific driver mutations?
Does calcarea carbonica induce apoptosis in cancer cells in p53-dependent manner via an immuno-modulatory circuit?
Does systemic genome screening identify the outcome associated focal loss of long noncoding RNA PRAL in hepatocellular carcinoma?
Does comprehensive multiplatform biomarker analysis of 350 hepatocellular carcinomas identify potential novel therapeutic options?
Does resveratrol elicit anti-colorectal cancer effect by activating miR-34c-KITLG in vitro and in vivo?
Does p53 Codon 72 polymorphism predict the pathologic response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in patients with breast cancer?
Do loss of mitochondrial membrane potential and caspase activation enhance apoptosis in irradiated K562 cells treated with herbimycin A?
Does elevated levels of wild-type p53 induced by radiolabeling of cells lead to apoptosis or sustained growth arrest?
Is eRG status unrelated to PSA recurrence in radically operated prostate cancer in the absence of antihormonal therapy?
Does native low density lipoprotein induce pancreatic β cell apoptosis through generating excess reactive oxygen species?
Does the bacterial protein azurin enhance sensitivity of oral squamous carcinoma cells to anticancer drugs?
Are inhibitory effects of antagonists of growth hormone releasing hormone on experimental prostate cancers associated with upregulation of wild-type p53 and decrease in p21 and mutant p53 proteins?
Is yY1 a novel potential therapeutic target for the treatment of HPV infection-induced cervical cancer by arsenic trioxide?
Is telethonin deficiency associated with maladaptation to biomechanical stress in the mammalian heart?
Do dNA copy number alterations in endobronchial squamous metaplastic lesions predict lung cancer?
Does comparative mRNA and microRNA expression profiling of three genitourinary cancers reveal common hallmarks and cancer-specific molecular events?
Do platelets circulate in an activated state in inflammatory bowel disease?
Is an increase in cancer stem cell population after primary systemic therapy a poor prognostic factor in breast cancer?
Does iFI16 induction by glucose restriction in human fibroblasts contribute to autophagy through activation of the ATM/AMPK/p53 pathway?
Does fibroblast growth factor receptor 4 regulate proliferation and antiapoptosis during gastric cancer progression?
Does hepatitis B virus induce G1 phase arrest by regulating cell cycle genes in HepG2.2.15 cells?
Does mAGE-A inhibit apoptosis in proliferating myeloma cells through repression of Bax and maintenance of survivin?
Does c-Abl contribute to glucose-promoted apoptosis via p53 signaling pathway in podocytes?
Does whole-exome sequencing in osteosarcoma reveal important heterogeneity of genetic alterations?
Does [ p14ARF enhance cisplatin-induced apoptosis in human osteosarcoma cells in p53-independent pathway ]?
Is miR-125a Rs12976445 Polymorphism Associated with the Apoptosis Status of Nucleus Pulposus Cells and the Risk of Intervertebral Disc Degeneration?
Are cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX2 ) and p53 protein expression interdependent in breast cancer but not associated with clinico-pathological surrogate subtypes , tumor aggressiveness and patient survival?
Is high expression of cellular retinol binding protein-1 in lung adenocarcinoma associated with poor prognosis?
Does gene expression profiling of aging reveal activation of a p53-mediated transcriptional program?
Are immunoreactivities of human nonmetastatic clone 23 and p53 products disassociated and not good predictors of lymph node metastases in early-stage cervical cancer patients?
Does xAF1 mediate apoptosis through an extracellular signal-regulated kinase pathway in colon cancer?
Is jun activation domain-binding protein 1 required for mitotic checkpoint activation via its involvement in hyperphosphorylation of 53BP1?
Is age at onset of Huntington disease modulated by the R72P variation in TP53 and the R196K variation in the gene coding for the human caspase activated DNase ( hCAD )?
Are venous invasion and down-regulation of p21 ( WAF1/CIP1 ) associated with metastasis in colorectal carcinomas?
Are tP53 abnormalities frequent and early events in the sequential pathogenesis of gallbladder carcinoma?
Does upregulation of Acetylcholinesterase Mediated by p53 contribute to Cisplatin-Induced Apoptosis in Human Breast Cancer Cell?
Does mutant p53 amplify Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Family Signaling to Promote Mammary Tumorigenesis?
Does presence of CD3-positive T-cells in oral premalignant leukoplakia indicate prevention of cancer transformation?
Does knockdown of ERK/Slug signals sensitize HL-60 Leukemia cells to Cytarabine via upregulation of PUMA?
Do antioxidant and antiapoptotic effects of pine needle powder ingestion and endurance training in high cholesterol-fed rats?
Does sorafenib inhibit proliferation and invasion of human hepatocellular carcinoma cells via up-regulation of p53 and suppressing FoxM1?
Is in vitro maturation of oocytes associated with altered deoxyribonucleic acid methylation patterns in children from in vitro fertilization or intracytoplasmic sperm injection?
Does hypericin and photodynamic therapy decrease human pancreatic cancer in vitro and in vivo?
Does p53 but not p16INK4a induce growth arrest in retinoblastoma-deficient hepatocellular carcinoma cells?
Do p53 mutations predict response to paclitaxel in metastatic nonsmall cell lung carcinoma?
Does reduction in p53 gene dosage diminish differentiation capacity of osteoblasts?
Is loss of wild-type p53 function responsible for upregulated homologous recombination in immortal rodent fibroblasts?
Does brefeldin A induce p53-independent apoptosis in primary cultures of human prostatic cancer cells?
Are genetic polymorphisms of MDM2 and TP53 genes associated with risk of nasopharyngeal carcinoma in a Chinese population?
Does endogenous oxidative stress prevent telomerase-dependent immortalization of human endothelial cells?
Does long-term culture following ES-like gene-induced reprogramming elicit an aggressive phenotype in mutated cholangiocellular carcinoma cells?
Do human bone marrow stromal cells display variable anatomic site-dependent response and recovery from irradiation?
Does tRAIL and doxorubicin combination induce proapoptotic and antiangiogenic effects in soft tissue sarcoma in vivo?
Does quinacrine enhance cisplatin-induced cytotoxicity in four cancer cell lines?
Is proliferative activity the most significant predictor of recurrence in noninvasive papillary urothelial neoplasms of low malignant potential and grade 1 papillary carcinomas of the bladder?
Does tumor angiogenesis increase with nuclear p53 accumulation in gastric carcinoma?
Is deregulation of G1/S transition a common event in carcinoma of the ampulla of vater?
Is active matrix metalloproteinase 9 expression associated with primary glioblastoma subtype?
Is tumour necrosis an independent prognostic marker in non-small cell lung cancer : correlation with biological variables?
Do miR-17-5p/20a are important markers for gastric cancer and murine double minute 2 participates in their functional regulation?
Does vaccination with ENO1 DNA prolong survival of genetically engineered mice with pancreatic cancer?
Does silencing of mutant p53 by siRNA induce cell cycle arrest and apoptosis in human bladder cancer cells?
Does sIRT1 regulate the human alveolar epithelial A549 cell apoptosis induced by Pseudomonas aeruginosa lipopolysaccharide?
Does indoxyl sulfate enhance p53-TGF-β1-Smad3 pathway in proximal tubular cells?
Do murine microenvironment metaprofiles associate with human cancer etiology and intrinsic subtypes?
Does the Blocking of c-Met Signaling induce Apoptosis through the Increase of p53 Protein in Lung Cancer?
Does in vitro radiosensitization by pentoxifylline depend on p53 status?
Is caenorhabditis elegans HUS-1 a DNA damage checkpoint protein required for genome stability and EGL-1-mediated apoptosis?
Does uV induce GADD45 in a p53-dependent and -independent manner in human keratinocytes?
Does absence of p53 in Clara cells favour multinucleation and loss of cell cycle arrest?
Does p73beta inhibit transcriptional activities of enhancer I and X promoter in hepatitis B virus more efficiently than p73alpha?
Does thrombospondin 1 protein expression relate to good prognostic indices in ductal carcinoma in situ of the breast?
Does stat3 and NF-kappaB activation prevent apoptosis in pancreatic carcinogenesis?
Do multiple genes on chromosome 7 regulate dopaminergic amacrine cell number in the mouse retina?
Does hyperglycemia alter renal cell responsiveness to pressure in a model of malignant hypertension?
Is tP53 codon 72 polymorphism associated with age at onset of glioblastoma?
Is mouse mammary tumour virus-like virus ( MMTV-LV ) present within the liver in a wide range of hepatic disorders and unrelated to nuclear p53 expression or hepatocarcinogenesis?
Is lIM and SH3 protein 1 ( Lasp1 ) a novel p53 transcriptional target involved in hepatocellular carcinoma?
Is tumor marker expression predictive of survival in patients with esophageal cancer?
Does vasectomy impair spermatogenesis through germ cell apoptosis mediated by the p53-Bax pathway in rats?
Do germline mutations in the p73 gene predispose to familial prostate-brain cancer?
Does reduction of wild type p53 function confer a hormone resistant phenotype on LNCaP prostate cancer cells?
Is high number of tumour-infiltrating lymphocytes associated with apoptosis in non-small cell lung carcinoma?
Does adenoviral p53 gene therapy promote heat-induced apoptosis in a nasopharyngeal carcinoma cell line?
Does overexpression of p53-related proteins predict rapid growth rate of head and neck cancer?
Does threshold effect for teratogenic risk of radiation depend on dose-rate and p53-dependent apoptosis?
Is p53 status neither a predictive nor a prognostic variable in patients with advanced ovarian cancer treated with a paclitaxel-based regimen?
Do k-ras and p16 aberrations confer poor prognosis in human colorectal cancer?
Does intraductal spread of invasive breast carcinoma have a positive correlation with c-erb B-2 overexpression and vascular invasion?
Are anti-p53 antibodies rarely detected in serum of patients with rheumatoid arthritis and Sjögren 's syndrome?
Is functional inactivation of p53 by HPV-E6 transformation associated with a reduced expression of radiation-induced potentially lethal damage?
Is p53 protein overexpression associated with increased cell proliferation in patients with locally recurrent prostate carcinoma after radiation therapy?
Is down-regulation of estrogen receptor-alpha and rearranged during transfection tyrosine kinase associated with withaferin a-induced apoptosis in MCF-7 breast cancer cells?
Is up-regulation of kin17 essential for proliferation of breast cancer?
Does nuclear Ago2/HSP60 contribute to broad spectrum of hATSCs function via Oct4 regulation?
Are ploidy and S-phase fraction correlated with lymphovascular space invasion that is predictive of outcomes in endometrial cancer?
Does lenalidomide enhance the anti-prostate cancer activity of docetaxel in vitro and in vivo?
Does iDH1/2 gene status define the prognosis and molecular profiles in patients with grade III gliomas?
Does infliximab restore the balance between pro- and anti-apoptotic proteins in regressing psoriatic lesions?
Does smoking negatively impact renal cell carcinoma overall and cancer-specific survival?
Do functional polymorphisms of the hOGG1 gene confer risk to type 2 epithelial ovarian cancer in Chinese?
Do cyclin E , p27 and mutant p53 predict the prognosis in AJCC stage II colorectal carcinomas?
Does mDM2 negatively regulate the human telomerase RNA gene promoter?
Does insulin-like growth factor type 1 receptor expression correlate to good prognosis in highly malignant soft tissue sarcoma?
Does caspase-1 inhibitor Ac-YVAD-CHO attenuate quinolinic acid-induced increases in p53 and apoptosis in rat striatum?
Does renal collecting ( Bellini ) duct carcinoma display similar characteristics to upper tract urothelial cell carcinoma?
Does small molecule inhibition of HDM2 lead to p53-mediated cell death in retinoblastoma cells?
Is cytoplasmic localization of p63 associated with poor patient survival in lung adenocarcinoma?
Is overexpression of hypoxia-inducible factor 1alpha and p53 a marker for an unfavorable prognosis in gastric cancer?
Does peptide YY reverse TNF-alpha induced transcription factor binding of interferon regulatory factor-1 and p53 in pancreatic acinar cells?
Is exit from arsenite-induced mitotic arrest p53 dependent?
Is fAT10 , a gene up-regulated in various cancers , cell-cycle regulated?
Is tumor 18F-FDG incorporation enhanced by attenuation of P53 function in breast cancer cells in vitro?
Does p53 mediate particulate matter-induced alveolar epithelial cell mitochondria-regulated apoptosis?
Is overexpression of p53 associated with growth pattern and prognosis in advanced gastric cancer?
Does progesterone induce apoptosis and up-regulation of p53 expression in human ovarian carcinoma cell lines?
Does overexpression of cyclin D1 indicate a poor prognosis in squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck?
Does fluorescence in situ hybridization identify more aggressive types of primarily noninvasive ( stage pTa ) bladder cancer?
Is double immunohistochemical staining with MUC4/p53 useful in the distinction of pancreatic adenocarcinoma from chronic pancreatitis : a tissue microarray-based study?
Do high-grade serous ovarian cancer cell lines exhibit heterogeneous responses to growth factor stimulation?
Do molecular subtypes of pancreatic cancer based on miRNA expression profiles have independent prognostic value?
Does atorvastatin restrict HIV replication in CD4+ T cells by upregulation of p21?
Is positive expression of NANOG , mutant p53 , and CD44 directly associated with clinicopathological features and poor prognosis of oral squamous cell carcinoma?
Is tP53 mutational status predictive of pazopanib response in advanced sarcomas?
Is p53 gene mutation directly related to tumoricidal effects of preoperative radiochemohyperthermia therapy for rectal cancers?
Does cD147 promote reprogramming of glucose metabolism and cell proliferation in HCC cells by inhibiting the p53-dependent signaling pathway?
Does mammary gland-specific ablation of focal adhesion kinase reduce the incidence of p53-mediated mammary tumour formation?
Does prosurvival function of the cellular apoptosis susceptibility/importin-α1 transport cycle is repress by p53 in liver cancer?
Does melatonin attenuate cisplatin-induced HepG2 cell death via the regulation of mTOR and ERCC1 expressions?
Does trichostatin A effectively induce apoptosis in chronic lymphocytic leukemia cells via inhibition of Wnt signaling and histone deacetylation?
Do ligand-independent androgen receptors promote ovarian teratocarcinoma cell growth by stimulating self-renewal of cancer stem/progenitor cells?
Does combination of a third generation bisphosphonate and replication-competent adenoviruses augment the cytotoxicity on mesothelioma?
Does administration of resveratrol enhance cell-cycle arrest followed by apoptosis in DMBA-induced skin carcinogenesis in male Wistar rats?
Is molecular classification of endometrial carcinoma on diagnostic specimens highly concordant with final hysterectomy : Earlier prognostic information to guide treatment?
Does calreticulin mediate an invasive breast cancer phenotype through the transcriptional dysregulation of p53 and MAPK pathways?
Does chromosome 17p Homodisomy be Associated With Better Outcome in 1p19q Non-Codeleted and IDH-Mutated Gliomas?
Do cholesterol and phytosterols differentially regulate the expression of caveolin 1 and a downstream prostate cell growth-suppressor gene?
Does nuclear localisation of LASP-1 correlate with poor long-term survival in female breast cancer?
Does [ Vitexicarpin affect proliferation and apoptosis in mutated p53 breast cancer cell ]?
Does nSC109268 potentiate cisplatin-induced cell death in a p53-independent manner?
Does lKB1 haploinsufficiency cooperate with Kras to promote pancreatic cancer through suppression of p21-dependent growth arrest?
Is mDM2 promoter polymorphism associated with increased susceptibility to hepatocellular carcinoma in Turkish population?
Is p53 polymorphism at codon 72 associated with keratocystic odontogenic tumors in the Thai population?
Do tumor profiling of gastric and esophageal carcinoma reveal different treatment options?
Is autophagy upregulated in ovarian endometriosis : a possible interplay with p53 and heme oxygenase-1?
Does visfatin protect Rat Pancreatic β-cells against IFN-γ-Induced Apoptosis through AMPK and ERK1/2 Signaling Pathways?
Do myricetin enhance chemosensitivity of 5-fluorouracil on esophageal carcinoma in vitro and in vivo?
Is radiosensitization of NSCLC cells by EGFR inhibition the result of an enhanced p53-dependent G1 arrest?
Does thymidine selectively enhance growth suppressive effects of camptothecin/irinotecan in MSI+ cells and tumors containing a mutation of MRE11?
Does lipopolysaccharide induce aberrant hypermethylation of Hic-1 in mouse embryonic fibroblasts lacking p53 gene?
Is age-related susceptibility to apoptosis in human retinal pigment epithelial cells triggered by disruption of p53-Mdm2 association?
Does loss of CDKN2B promote p53-dependent smooth muscle cell apoptosis and aneurysm formation?
Does small interfering RNA targeting S100A4 sensitize non-small-cell lung cancer cells ( A549 ) to radiation treatment?
Does vitamin E promote breast cancer cell proliferation by reducing ROS production and p53 expression?
Is inflammation associated with progression of actinic keratoses to squamous cell carcinomas in humans?
Does reactive oxygen-induced carcinogenesis cause hypermethylation of p16 ( Ink4a ) and activation of MAP kinase?
Is topoisomerase IIalpha gene expression regulated by the p53 tumor suppressor gene in nonsmall cell lung carcinoma patients?
Are nondisruptive p53 mutations associated with shorter survival in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer?
Do p53 and p73 expression in esophageal carcinoma correlate with clinicopathology of tumors?
Does human papillomavirus DNA strongly correlate with a poorer prognosis in oral cavity carcinoma?
Is retinal ganglion cell ( RGC ) death in glaucomatous beagles associated with mutations in p53 and NTF4 genes?
Is low p53 binding protein 1 ( 53BP1 ) expression associated with increased local recurrence in breast cancer patients treated with breast-conserving surgery and radiotherapy?
Does integrative genomics identify gene signature associated with melanoma ulceration?
Does simvastatin prevent proliferation and bone metastases of lung adenocarcinoma in vitro and in vivo?
Does mYBBP1A suppress breast cancer tumorigenesis by enhancing the p53 dependent anoikis?
Are large genomic aberrations detected by SNP array independent prognosticators of a shorter time to first treatment in chronic lymphocytic leukemia patients with normal FISH?
Do multiple breast cancer cell-lines derived from a single tumor differ in their molecular characteristics and tumorigenic potential?
Does hepatocyte growth factor sensitize brain tumors to c-MET kinase inhibition?
Is δ133p53 an independent prognostic marker in p53 mutant advanced serous ovarian cancer?
Is desmocollin 2 a new immunohistochemical marker indicative of squamous differentiation in urothelial carcinoma?
Does propofol ameliorate doxorubicin-induced oxidative stress and cellular apoptosis in rat cardiomyocytes?
Does replacement of E-cadherin by N-cadherin in the mammary gland lead to fibrocystic changes and tumor formation?
Is prognostic relevance of Bcl-2 overexpression in surgically treated prostate cancer caused by increased copy number or translocation of the gene?
Does resveratrol enhance the cytotoxic profile of docetaxel and doxorubicin in solid tumour cell lines in vitro?
Does mechanical stretch induce the apoptosis regulator PUMA in vascular smooth muscle cells?
Does elimination of proliferating cells unmask the shift from senescence to quiescence caused by rapamycin?
Does high-throughput genotyping in osteosarcoma identify multiple mutations in phosphoinositide-3-kinase and other oncogenes?
Is loss of expression of tumor suppressor p16 ( INK4 ) protein in human primary gastric cancer related to the grade of differentiation?
Do synthetic inhibitors of CDKs induce different responses in androgen sensitive and androgen insensitive prostatic cancer cell lines?
Does gene therapy by intrahepatic and intratumoral trafficking of p53-VP22 induce regression of liver tumors?
Does dNA damage strength modulate a bimodal switch of p53 dynamics for cell-fate control?
Is alpha particle-induced bystander effect mediated by ROS via a p53-dependent SCO2 pathway in hepatoma cells?
Does dNA damage induced by oridonin involve cell cycle arrest at G2/M phase in human MCF-7 cells?
Is spindle assembly checkpoint gene expression in childhood adrenocortical tumors ( ACT ) : Overexpression of Aurora kinases A and B associated with a poor prognosis?
Are constitutional CHEK2 mutations infrequent in early-onset and familial breast/ovarian cancer patients from Pakistan?
Does dasatinib inhibit the development of metastases in a mouse model of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma?
Are p53 and APC mutations detectable in the plasma and serum of patients with colorectal cancer ( CRC ) or adenomas?
Does p53 expression predict progression and poor survival in T1 bladder tumours?
Does as2O3 induce apoptosis of the human B lymphoma cell line MBC-1?
Is hypoxia-inducible factor 1alpha closely linked to an aggressive phenotype in breast cancer?
Is cXCL12 G801A polymorphism a risk factor for sporadic prostate cancer susceptibility?
Is p53 protein accumulation in European hepatocellular carcinoma always dependent on p53 gene mutation?
Is p53 oncoprotein expression in parotid gland carcinoma associated with clinical outcome?
Does cip1 inhibit DNA replication but not PCNA-dependent nucleotide excision-repair?
Does wild-type APC predict poor prognosis in microsatellite-stable proximal colon cancer?
Does clinical next-generation sequencing reveal aggressive cancer biology in adolescent and young adult patients?
Does rhizoma Paridis Saponins induce Cell Cycle Arrest and Apoptosis in Non-Small Cell Lung Carcinoma A549 Cells?
Does p53 modulate NF-κB mediated epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma?
Is serum p53 antibody a useful tumor marker in superficial esophageal squamous cell carcinoma?
Does a novel Ras antagonist regulate both oncogenic Ras and the tumor suppressor p53 in colon cancer cells?
Does low dose fractionated radiation enhance the radiosensitization effect of paclitaxel in colorectal tumor cells with mutant p53?
Does immunohistochemical determination of p53 protein predict clinical response in advanced colorectal cancer with low thymidylate synthase expression receiving a bolus 5-fluorouracil-leucovorin combination?
Does primary node negative breast cancer in BRCA1 mutation carriers have a poor outcome?
Does pro-apoptotic treatment with an adenovirus encoding Bax enhance the effect of chemotherapy in ovarian cancer?
Is detection of circulating prostate derived cells in patients with prostate adenocarcinoma an independent risk factor for tumor recurrence?
Is anti-apoptotic phenotype associated with decreased locoregional recurrence rate in breast cancer?
Is mdm2 mRNA level a prognostic factor in soft tissue sarcoma?
Does bcl-2 expression identify patients with advanced bladder cancer treated by radiotherapy who benefit from neoadjuvant chemotherapy?
Is mutation of the tumour suppressor p33ING1b rare in melanoma?
Does claudin 1 differentiate endometrioid and serous papillary endometrial adenocarcinoma?
Is oncogenic T-antigen of JC virus present frequently in human gastric cancers?
Does inhibition of MDM2 by RG7388 confer hypersensitivity to X-radiation in xenograft models of childhood sarcoma?
Does dihydromyricetin protect endothelial cells from hydrogen peroxide-induced oxidative stress damage by regulating mitochondrial pathways?
Does cisplatin fail to induce puma mediated apoptosis in mucosal melanomas?
Is poor prognosis of constitutive γ-H2AX expressing triple-negative breast cancers associated with telomere length?
Does the p53 Target Gene SIVA enable Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Development?
Do iDH mutation and neuroglial developmental features define clinically distinct subclasses of lower grade diffuse astrocytic glioma?
Does imatinib induce H2AX phosphorylation and apoptosis in chronic myelogenous leukemia cells in vitro via caspase-3/Mst1 pathway?
Do zinc oxide nanoparticles selectively induce apoptosis in human cancer cells through reactive oxygen species?
Is immunohistochemical detection of Polo-like kinase-1 ( PLK1 ) in primary breast cancer associated with TP53 mutation and poor clinical outcom?
Does environmental tobacco smoke suppress nuclear factor-kappaB signaling to increase apoptosis in infant monkey lungs?
Does intervention of death-associated protein kinase 1-p53 interaction exert the therapeutic effects against stroke?
Do tP53 mutations and MDM2 ( SNP309 ) identify subgroups of AML patients with impaired outcome?
Is p53 nuclear stabilization associated with FHIT loss and younger age of onset in squamous cell carcinoma of oral tongue?
Does the retinoblastoma tumor suppressor modulate DNA repair and radioresponsiveness?
Does epithelial dysplasia of the stomach with gastric immunophenotype show features of biological aggressiveness?
Does p53 promote cell survival due to the reversibility of its cell-cycle checkpoints?
Does arctigenin enhance swimming endurance of sedentary rats partially by regulation of antioxidant pathways?
Is interferon regulatory factor 9 a key mediator of hepatic ischemia/reperfusion injury?
Does constitutively active ErbB2 regulate cisplatin-induced cell death in breast cancer cells via pro- and antiapoptotic mechanisms?
Do results of immunohistochemical staining for cell cycle regulators predict the recurrence of atypical meningiomas?
Does a three-microRNA signature predict responses to platinum-based doublet chemotherapy in patients with lung adenocarcinoma?
Is cDK2 transcriptional repression an essential effector in p53-dependent cellular senescence-implications for therapeutic intervention?
Are missense mutations located in structural p53 DNA-binding motifs associated with extremely poor survival in chronic lymphocytic leukemia?
Do genetic aberrations leading to MAPK pathway activation mediate oncogene-induced senescence in sporadic pilocytic astrocytomas?
Does overexpression of eIF-5A2 in mice cause accelerated organismal aging by increasing chromosome instability?
Is rhoC a major target of microRNA-93-5P in epithelial ovarian carcinoma tumorigenesis and progression?
Does retrospective review using targeted deep sequencing reveal mutational differences between gastroesophageal junction and gastric carcinomas?
Does p53 expression in breast cancer predict tumors with low probability of non-sentinel nodes infiltration?
Is low PHLDA3 expression in oesophageal squamous cell carcinomas associated with poor prognosis?
Is iFI27 , a novel epidermal growth factor-stabilized protein , functionally involved in proliferation and cell cycling of human epidermal keratinocytes?
Does resistance exercise with low glycogen increase p53 phosphorylation and PGC-1α mRNA in skeletal muscle?
Does restoration of p53 pathway by nutlin-3 induce cell cycle arrest and apoptosis in human rhabdomyosarcoma cells?
Is the association between the T309G polymorphism of the MDM2 gene and sensitivity to anticancer drug dependent on the p53 mutational status in cellular models?
Does cell cycle/apoptosis molecule expression correlate with imatinib response in patients with advanced gastrointestinal stromal tumors?
Does mDM2 SNP309 genotype influence survival of metastatic but not of localized neuroblastoma?
Does acetylation of apurinic/apyrimidinic endonuclease-1 regulate Helicobacter pylori-mediated gastric epithelial cell apoptosis?
Does array comparative genomic hybridization identify genetic regions associated with outcome in aggressive diffuse large B-cell lymphomas?
Do eurycomanone induce apoptosis in HepG2 cells via up-regulation of p53?
Is expression of DBC1 and SIRT1 associated with poor prognosis of gastric carcinoma?
Does a novel iodomethylene-dimethyl-dihydropyranone induce G2/M arrest and apoptosis in human cancer cells?
Are evidence that one subset of anaplastic thyroid carcinomas derived from papillary carcinomas due to BRAF and p53 mutations?
Is carcinogenic potential of trans-2-hexenal based on epigenetic effect?
Do metabolite and transcriptome analysis during fasting suggest a role for the p53-Ddit4 axis in major metabolic tissues?
Is tP53 Status Associated with Thrombospondin1 Expression In vitro?
Is topical 5-Fluorouracil a Novel Targeted Therapy for the Keratocystic Odontogenic Tumor?
Does altered DNA Methylation of Long Noncoding RNA H19 in Calcific Aortic Valve Disease promote Mineralization by Silencing NOTCH1?
Does [ RITA combined with temozolomide inhibit the proliferation of human glioblastoma U87 cells ]?
Does the scorpion venom peptide BmKn2 induce apoptosis in cancerous but not in normal human oral cells?
Is ovarian cancer p53 mutation associated with tumor microvessel density?
Does sOX17 increase the cisplatin sensitivity of an endometrial cancer cell line?
Does high EZH2 Protein Expression be Associated with Poor Overall Survival in Patients with Luminal A Breast Cancer?
Does a diarylpentanoid curcumin analog exhibit improved radioprotective potential in the intestinal mucosa?
Does malvidin protect WI-38 Human Fibroblast Cells Against Stress-induced Premature Senescence?
Does tryptanthrin reduce mast cell proliferation promoted by TSLP through modulation of MDM2 and p53?
Does activation of p53 contribute to pseudolaric acid B-induced senescence in human lung cancer cells in vitro?
Does hyaluronan suppress lidocaine-induced apoptosis of human chondrocytes in vitro by inhibiting the p53-dependent mitochondrial apoptotic pathway?
Does dysregulation of the intrinsic apoptotic pathway mediate megakaryocytic hyperplasia in myeloproliferative neoplasms?
Does comprehensive genomic profiling of anal squamous cell carcinoma reveal distinct genomically defined classes?
Does pRAME promote in vitro leukemia cells death by regulating S100A4/p53 signaling?
Do soluble CD40 ligands sensitize the epithelial ovarian cancer cells to cisplatin treatment?
Are apoptosis and expression of bcl-2 protein inverse factors influencing tumour cell turnover in primary carcinoid tumours of the lung?
Is cell-cycle control protein expression disrupted in anogenital condylomata infected with low-risk human papillomavirus types?
Do eRCC1 expression and RAD51B activity correlate with cell cycle response to platinum drug treatment not DNA repair?
Do isoflavones and gamma irradiation inhibit cell growth in human salivary gland cells?
Does gATA3 expression in estrogen receptor alpha-negative endometrial carcinomas identify aggressive tumors with high proliferation and poor patient survival?
Is prognostic effect of basal-like breast cancers time dependent : evidence from tissue microarray studies on a lymph node-negative cohort?
Is high thioredoxin expression associated with resistance to docetaxel in primary breast cancer?
Does [ DNA methylation-mediated epigenetic silencing of miR-720 contribute to leukemogenesis in acute myeloid leukemia ]?
Do mSCs with ACE II gene affect apoptosis pathway of acute lung injury induced by bleomycin?
Is a vaccinia virus armed with interleukin-10 a promising therapeutic agent for treatment of murine pancreatic cancer?
Is loss of ARID1A expression associated with poor prognosis in small intestinal carcinoma?
Does pRb2/p130 decrease sensitivity to apoptosis induced by camptothecin and doxorubicin but not by taxol?
Does photostability of sunscreen products influence the efficiency of protection with regard to UV-induced genotoxic or photoageing-related endpoints?
Does hyperbaric oxygen accelerate latent in vivo prostate cancer : implications for the treatment of radiation-induced haemorrhagic cystitis?
Is akt phosphorylation a risk factor for early disease recurrence and poor prognosis in hepatocellular carcinoma?
Does troglitazone attenuate hypoxia-induced injury in cultured term human trophoblasts?
Is recurrent pregnancy failure associated with a polymorphism in the p53 tumour suppressor gene?
Is proliferative activity ( MIB-1 index ) an independent prognostic parameter in patients with high-grade soft tissue sarcomas of subtypes other than malignant fibrous histiocytomas : a retrospective immunohistological study including 216 soft tissue sarcomas?
Does radiation-inducible protein RbAp48 contribute to radiosensitivity of cervical cancer cells?
Is progesterone receptor negativity an independent risk factor for relapse in patients with early stage endometrioid endometrial adenocarcinoma?
Is bAK multimerization for apoptosis , but not bid binding , inhibited by negatively charged residue in the BAK hydrophobic groove?
Does cytochrome P450 3A1 mediate 2,2',4,4'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether-induced reduction of spermatogenesis in adult rats?
Is high TFAP2C/low CD44 expression associated with an increased rate of pathologic complete response following neoadjuvant chemotherapy in breast cancer?
Does p53 protein accumulation predict poor response to tamoxifen therapy of patients with recurrent breast cancer?
Does pacing-induced heart failure in dogs enhance the expression of p53 and p53-dependent genes in ventricular myocytes?
Does comparative expression profiling in pulmonary fibrosis suggest a role of hypoxia-inducible factor-1alpha in disease pathogenesis?
Does ischemic preconditioning relieve ischemia/reperfusion injury of hippocampus neurons in rat by inhibiting p53 and bax expressions?
Do both germ line and somatic genetics of the p53 pathway affect ovarian cancer incidence and survival?
Is overexpression of prostate stem cell antigen associated with gestational trophoblastic neoplasia?
Is reduction of E-cadherin expression associated with non-lobular breast carcinomas of basal-like and triple negative phenotype?
Does oral silibinin inhibit in vivo human bladder tumor xenograft growth involving down-regulation of survivin?
Is expression status of folate receptor alpha significantly correlated with prognosis in non-small-cell lung cancers?
Does overexpression of protein kinase C-beta1 isoenzyme suppress indomethacin-induced apoptosis in gastric epithelial cells?
Does interleukin-6 sensitize multiple myeloma cell lines for apoptosis induced by interferon-alpha?
Is cyclin D1 a possible predictor of sensitivity to chemoradiotherapy for esophageal squamous cell carcinoma?
Is increased susceptibility of spinal muscular atrophy fibroblasts to camptothecin p53-independent?
Does checkpoint with forkhead-associated and ring finger promoter hypermethylation correlate with microsatellite instability in gastric cancer?
Is class III beta-tubulin , but not ERCC1 , a strong predictive and prognostic marker in locally advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinoma?
Are mutation status of K-ras , p53 and allelic losses at 9p and 18q prognostic markers in patients with pancreatic cancer?
Are five commonly used markers ( p53 , TTF1 , CK7 , CK20 , and CK34betaE12 ) of no use in distinguishing between primary endocervical and endometrial adenocarcinomas in a tissue microarray extension study?
Does a single recombinant adenovirus expressing p53 and p21-targeting artificial microRNAs efficiently induce apoptosis in human cancer cells?
Is immunohistochemical staining with deltaNp63 useful for distinguishing the squamous cell component of adenosquamous cell carcinoma of the lung?
Do bRCA1-mutated and basal-like breast cancers have similar aCGH profiles and a high incidence of protein truncating TP53 mutations?
Does aPR-246 exhibit anti-leukemic activity and synergism with conventional chemotherapeutic drugs in acute myeloid leukemia cells?
Is inactivation of FBXW7/hCDC4-β expression by promoter hypermethylation associated with favorable prognosis in primary breast cancer?
Is nutlin-3a a potential therapeutic for ewing sarcoma?
Are triple-negative breast carcinomas a heterogeneous entity that differs between young and old patients?
Are sporadic TP53 transition mutations in chronic cholecystitis possibly linked to gallbladder carcinogenesis?
Are arginine and proline alleles of the p53 gene associated with different locations of gastric cancer?
Is down-regulated xanthine oxidoreductase a feature of aggressive breast cancer?
Does mAPK and PI3K inhibition reduce proliferation of Barrett 's adenocarcinoma in vitro?
Is expression of macrophage migration inhibitory factor associated with enhanced angiogenesis and advanced stage in gastric carcinomas?
Does [ JWA gene act as sensitive molecule responsive to oxidative stress and apoptosis in K562 cells ]?
Does triphala inhibit both in vitro and in vivo xenograft growth of pancreatic tumor cells by inducing apoptosis?
Does cytotoxic diarylheptanoid induce cell cycle arrest and apoptosis via increasing ATF3 and stabilizing p53 in SH-SY5Y cells?
Does growth suppression induced by Notch1 activation involve Wnt-beta-catenin down-regulation in human tongue carcinoma cells?
Does a novel Aurora-A-mediated phosphorylation of p53 inhibit its interaction with MDM2?
Are pIK3CA exon 20 mutations associated with poor prognosis in breast cancer patients?
Does hydrogen sulfide protect against cellular senescence via S-sulfhydration of Keap1 and activation of Nrf2?
Does γ-H2AX expression detected by immunohistochemistry correlate with prognosis in early operable non-small cell lung cancer?
Does microRNA-125b protect against myocardial ischaemia/reperfusion injury via targeting p53-mediated apoptotic signalling and TRAF6?
Is anti-melanoma activity of Cynanchi atrati Radix mediated by regulation of NF-kappa B activity and pro-apoptotic proteins?
Do semi-purified extracts of Commelina benghalensis ( Commelinaceae ) induce apoptosis and cell cycle arrest in Jurkat-T cells?
Is tP53 mutation associated with a poor outcome for patients with hepatocellular carcinoma : evidence from a meta-analysis?
Are less common genotype variants of TP53 polymorphisms associated with poor outcome in adult patients with adrenocortical carcinoma?
Is high-risk human papillomavirus ( HPV ) associated with p53 and bcl-2 expression in oral squamous cell carcinomas?
Does microarray study reveal that HIV-1 induces rapid type-I interferon-dependent p53 mRNA up-regulation in human primary CD4+ T cells?
Does notch1 signaling inhibit growth of EC109 esophageal carcinoma cells through downmodulation of HPV18 E6/E7 gene expression?
Does intracellular clusterin inhibit mitochondrial apoptosis by suppressing p53-activating stress signals and stabilizing the cytosolic Ku70-Bax protein complex?
Does inhibition of HIF-1alpha activity by homeodomain-interacting protein kinase-2 correlate with sensitization of chemoresistant cells to undergo apoptosis?
Does a standardized extract of Ginkgo biloba suppress doxorubicin-induced oxidative stress and p53-mediated mitochondrial apoptosis in rat testes?
Does [ D-limonene induce apoptosis of gastric cancer cells ]?
Does p53 mutation predict intravesical adriamycin instillation failure in superficial transitional cell carcinoma of bladder?
Does non-endothelial KDR/flk-1 expression is associate with increased survival of patients with urothelial bladder carcinomas?
Does immunohistochemical analysis of B-cell lymphoma using tissue microarrays identify particular phenotypic profiles of B-cell lymphomas?
Does alteration of G2 cell cycle regulators occur during carcinogenesis of the endometrium?
Are thinPrep-processed fine-needle samples of breast effective material for RNA- and DNA-based molecular diagnosis : application to p53 mutation analysis?
Does p53 and SOX2 Protein Expression predict Esophageal Adenocarcinoma in Response to Neoadjuvant Chemoradiotherapy?
Does imiquimod activate p53-dependent apoptosis in a human basal cell carcinoma cell line?
Do extremely low frequency electromagnetic fields affect proliferation and mitochondrial activity of human cancer cell lines?
Do genomic analyses reveal FAM84B and the NOTCH pathway are associated with the progression of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma?
Does loss of Tumor Suppressor ARID1A Protein Expression correlate with Poor Prognosis in Patients with Primary Breast Cancer?
Does nF-κB mediate the antiproliferative and proapoptotic effects of bergamot juice in HepG2 cells?
Does narrow-band ultraviolet B radiation induce the expression of β-endorphin in human skin in vivo?
Does microRNA-34a inhibit uveal melanoma cell proliferation and migration through downregulation of c-Met?
Is perioperative changes of serum p53 antibody titer a predictor for survival in patients with esophageal squamous cell carcinoma?
Are ovarian carcinoma subtypes different diseases : implications for biomarker studies?
Does upregulation of the cycline kinase subunit CKS2 increase cell proliferation rate in gastric cancer?
Does suberoyl bis-hydroxamic acid induce p53-dependent apoptosis of MCF-7 breast cancer cells?
Is oncoprotein HCCR-1 expression in breast cancer well correlated with known breast cancer prognostic factors including the HER2 overexpression , p53 mutation , and ER/PR status?
Is colorectal cancer expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma ( PPARG , PPARgamma ) associated with good prognosis?
Is mitochondrial D-loop mutation a common event in colorectal cancers with p53 mutations?
Is the prognostic value of TP53 mutations in chronic lymphocytic leukemia independent of Del17p13 : implications for overall survival and chemorefractoriness?
Are polymorphisms in TP53 and MDM2 combined associated with high grade endometrial cancer?
Does mDM2 antagonist nutlin-3 display antiproliferative and proapoptotic activity in mantle cell lymphoma?
Does inhibition of gamma-secretase activity inhibit tumor progression in a mouse model of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma?
Is doxorubicin-induced mitochondrial dysfunction secondary to nuclear p53 activation in H9c2 cardiomyoblasts?
Do mutant p53 and cyclin A1 protein expression in primary laryngeal squamous cell carcinomas correlate to second primary tumours of the head and neck?
Does expression of phosphorylated Akt ( pAkt ) in gastric carcinoma predict prognosis and efficacy of chemotherapy?
Does adenovirus-mediated p53 gene transfer sensitize hepatocellular carcinoma cells to heavy-ion radiation?
Does down-regulation of human RNA/DNA helicase SUV3 induce apoptosis by a caspase- and AIF-dependent pathway?
Does inhibition of Mus81 by siRNA enhance sensitivity to 5-FU in breast carcinoma cell lines?
Does homocysteine accelerate senescence of endothelial cells via DNA hypomethylation of human telomerase reverse transcriptase?
Does macrophage depletion ameliorate glycerol-induced acute kidney injury in mice?
Is loss of sequences on the short arm of chromosome 17 a late event in squamous carcinoma of the cervix?
Is transition from in situ to invasive testicular germ cell neoplasia associated with the loss of p21 and gain of mdm-2 expression?
Do p53 alteration and microsatellite instability have predictive value for survival benefit from chemotherapy in stage III colorectal carcinoma?
Is p27kip1 expression associated with tumor response to preoperative chemoradiotherapy in rectal cancer?
Do genetic alterations associated with hepatocellular carcinomas define distinct pathways of hepatocarcinogenesis?
Does transcriptomic classification of genetically engineered mouse models of breast cancer identify human subtype counterparts?
Does cytochrome P450 2E1 ( CYP2E1 ) regulate the response to oxidative stress and migration of breast cancer cells?
Are common oncogenic mutations infrequent in oral squamous cell carcinoma of Asian origin?
Is mdm2 SNP309 G-variant associated with invasive growth of human urinary bladder cancer?
Is the E3 ubiquitin ligase SIAH2 a prosurvival factor overexpressed in oral cancer?
Does mutation and overexpression of the p53 tumor suppressor gene frequently occur in uterine and ovarian sarcomas?
Is eCA39 a novel distant metastasis-related biomarker in colorectal cancer?
Is development of de novo cancer in p53 knock-out mice dependent on the type of long-term immunosuppression used?
Is mDM2 promoter polymorphism associated with both an increased susceptibility to gastric carcinoma and poor prognosis?
Does resveratrol engage selective apoptotic signals in gastric adenocarcinoma cells?
Does rB acute loss induce centrosome amplification and aneuploidy in murine primary fibroblasts?
Is expression of p16INK4a , alone or combined with p53 , predictive of better prognosis in colorectal adenocarcinoma in Tunisian patients?
Is the FGFR3 mutation related to favorable pT1 bladder cancer?
Does excessive Dpp signaling induce cardial apoptosis through dTAK1 and dJNK during late embryogenesis of Drosophila?
Does pTEN deletion in prostate cancer cells associate with loss of RAD51 function : implications for radiotherapy and chemotherapy?
Is p53 expression in human carotid atheroma significantly related to plaque instability and clinical manifestations?
Does p300 alter keratinocyte cell growth and differentiation through regulation of p21 ( Waf1/CIP1 )?
Is aggressive chronic lymphocytic leukemia with elevated genomic complexity associated with multiple gene defects in the response to DNA double-strand breaks?
Is immunohistochemical evaluation for P53 and VEGF ( Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor ) prognostic for long term survival in end stage esophageal adenocarcinoma?
Do new potential anti-cancer agents synergize with bortezomib and ABT-737 against prostate cancer?
Is expression of prostate apoptosis response ( Par-4 ) associated with progesterone receptor in breast cancer?
Do ovarian carcinomas with genetic and epigenetic BRCA1 loss have distinct molecular abnormalities?
Is plumbagin-induced apoptosis in human prostate cancer cells associated with modulation of cellular redox status and generation of reactive oxygen species?
Does chaga mushroom ( Inonotus obliquus ) induce G0/G1 arrest and apoptosis in human hepatoma HepG2 cells?
Does p53 repress human papillomavirus type 16 DNA replication via the viral E2 protein?
Does verapamil attenuate renal tubular apoptosis in response to partial unilateral ureteral obstruction?
Does 5-fluorouracil mediate apoptosis and G1/S arrest in laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma via a p53-independent pathway?
Does endogenous phospholipid metabolite containing topical product inhibit ultraviolet light-induced inflammation and DNA damage in human skin?
Does an MVA vaccine overcome tolerance to human p53 in mice and humans?
Is c-erbB-2 protein expressed in hepatolithiasis and cholangiocarcinoma?
Do cellular proliferation and nuclear ploidy assessments augment established prognostic factors in predicting malignancy in testicular Leydig cell tumours?
Is p53 overexpression different in Epstein-Barr virus-associated and Epstein-Barr virus-negative carcinoma?
Is altered p53 associated with aggressive behavior of chondrosarcoma : a long term follow-up study?
Does direct sequencing of the p53 gene show absence of mutations in endometrioid endometrial adenocarcinomas expressing p53 protein?
Does pharmacologic modulation of serine/threonine phosphorylation highly sensitize PHEO in a MPC cell and mouse model to conventional chemotherapy?
Does inhibition of Mdm2 sensitize human retinal pigment epithelial cells to apoptosis?
Is the p53-HDM2 gene-gene polymorphism interaction associated with the development of missed abortion?
Is aberrant Wnt1/β-catenin expression an independent poor prognostic marker of non-small cell lung cancer after surgery?
Does the cytoprotective drug amifostine modify both expression and activity of the pro-angiogenic factor VEGF-A?
Does proapoptotic fibronectin fragment induce the degradation of ubiquitinated p53 via proteasomes in periodontal ligament cells?
Does nicotine promote cardiomyocyte apoptosis via oxidative stress and altered apoptosis-related gene expression?
Is the transcription factor NFAT5 required for cyclin expression and cell cycle progression in cells exposed to hypertonic stress?
Does morphine induce DNA damage and P53 activation in CD3+ T cells?
Are association of GATA3 , P53 , Ki67 status and vascular peritumoral invasion strongly prognostic in luminal breast cancer?
Do activated liver dendritic cells generate strong acquired immunity in alpha-galactosylceramide treatment?
Is downregulation of KAI1 metastasis suppressor protein associated with a dismal prognosis in epithelial ovarian cancer?
Does ethanol mediate Cell Cycle Arrest and Apoptosis in SK-N-SH Neuroblastoma Cells?
Does lymphocyte Invasion in IC10/Basal-Like Breast Tumors be Associated with Wild-Type TP53?
Does e2F1 suppress cardiac neovascularization by down-regulating VEGF and PlGF expression?
Does molecular characterization of choroid plexus tumors reveal novel clinically relevant subgroups?
Does urushiol induce Apoptosis via a p53-dependent Pathway in Human Gastric Cancer Cells?
Does parthenolide sensitize Human Colorectal Cancer Cells to Tumor Necrosis Factor-related Apoptosis-inducing Ligand through Mitochondrial and Caspase Dependent Pathway?
Do five distinct biological processes and 14 differentially expressed genes characterize TEL/AML1-positive leukemia?
Does interferon-alpha enhance sensitivity of human osteosarcoma U2OS cells to doxorubicin by p53-dependent apoptosis?
Does a systems-biology analysis of isogenic megakaryocytic and granulocytic cultures identify new molecular components of megakaryocytic apoptosis?
Are p53 mutations in deep tissues more strongly associated with recurrence than mutation-positive mucosal margins?
Does classification based on mutations of TERT promoter and IDH characterize subtypes in grade II/III gliomas?
Does miR-34a inhibit the in vitro cell proliferation and migration in human esophageal cancer?
Does radiation Therapy induce Macrophages to Suppress T-Cell Responses Against Pancreatic Tumors in Mice?
Does inhibiting microRNA-449 attenuate Cisplatin-Induced Injury in NRK-52E Cells Possibly via Regulating the SIRT1/P53/BAX Pathway?
Does targeting of microRNA-199a-5p protect against pilocarpine-induced status epilepticus and seizure damage via SIRT1-p53 cascade?
Does next-Generation Sequencing of Pulmonary Large Cell Neuroendocrine Carcinoma reveal Small Cell Carcinoma-like and Non-Small Cell Carcinoma-like Subsets?
Does constitutive Activation of DNA Damage Checkpoint Signaling contribute to Mutant p53 Accumulation via Modulation of p53 Ubiquitination?
Is cystic medial degeneration of the aorta associated with p53 accumulation , Bax upregulation , apoptotic cell death , and cell proliferation?
Is increased bcl-2 expression associated with primary resistance to chemotherapy in human epithelial ovarian cancer?
Is p21Waf1/Cip1 expression a prognostic marker in curatively resected esophageal squamous cell carcinoma , but not p27Kip1 , p53 , or Rb?
Is cooccurrence of reduced expression of alpha-catenin and overexpression of p53 a predictor of lymph node metastasis in early gastric cancer?
Does interferon-gamma induce apoptosis and expression of inflammation-related proteins in Chang conjunctival cells?
Does tumour suppressor protein p53 released by nuclease digestion increase at the onset of rat liver regeneration?
Are allelic losses at chromosome 3p seen in human papilloma virus 16 associated transitional cell carcinoma of the cervix?
Does inhibition of gastric cancer by camptothecin involve apoptosis and multiple cellular pathways?
Is tP53 mutation characteristics in therapy-related myelodysplastic syndromes and acute myeloid leukemia similar to de novo diseases?
Are low ATM protein expression in malignant tumor as well as cancer-associated stroma independent prognostic factors in a retrospective study of early-stage hormone-negative breast cancer?
Is variant TP53BP1 rs560191 G > C associated with risk of gastric cardia adenocarcinoma in a Chinese Han population?
Is genomic instability at both the base pair level and the chromosomal level detectable in earliest PanIN lesions in tissues of chronic pancreatitis?
Does arecoline induce HA22T/VGH hepatoma cells to undergo anoikis - involvement of STAT3 and RhoA activation?
Does experimental varicocele induce p53-dependent germ cell apoptosis through activation of γ-H2AX?
Does hesperidin promote cyclobutane pyrimidine dimer repair in UVB-exposed mice epidermis?
Do polyunsaturated fatty acids synergize with lipid droplet binding thalidomide analogs to induce oxidative stress in cancer cells?
Do transcriptome analyses of mouse and human mammary cell subpopulations reveal multiple conserved genes and pathways?
Is c-terminal cleavage of DeltaNp63alpha associated with TSA-induced apoptosis in immortalized corneal epithelial cells?
Is pathological lymph node involvement at surgery a significant predictive factor of recurrence in locally advanced breast cancer treated with concomitant epirubicin-docetaxel neoadjuvant chemotherapy : a cohort study?
Are genetic polymorphisms of carcinogen metabolizing enzymes associated with oral leukoplakia development and p53 overexpression?
Is a novel functional polymorphism C1797G in the MDM2 promoter associated with risk of bladder cancer in a Chinese population?
Does the proto-oncogene expression vary over the course of chronic myeloid leukemia?
Is elevated p21 expression associated with poor prognosis of rectal stromal tumors after resection?
Does cD45 regulate Src family member kinase activity associated with macrophage integrin-mediated adhesion?
Is expression of p21 ( waf1/cip1/sdi1 ) , but not p53 protein , a factor in the survival of patients with advanced gastric carcinoma?
Is abnormal p53 expression rare in clinically localized human prostate cancer : comparison between immunohistochemical and molecular detection of p53 mutations?
Do nuclear envelope structural defects cause chromosomal numerical instability and aneuploidy in ovarian cancer?
Does harmine activate intrinsic and extrinsic pathways of apoptosis in B16F-10 melanoma?
Does transcriptional factor Prox1 play an essential role in the antiproliferative action of interferon-γ in esophageal cancer cells?
Are hypoxia-inducible factor-1α polymorphisms associated with genetic aberrations in lung cancer?
Is tP53 Arg72Pro polymorphism associated with esophageal cancer risk : a meta-analysis?
Does combining gene signatures improve prediction of breast cancer survival?
Does exposure to depleted uranium alter the co-expression of HER-2/neu and p53 in breast cancer patients?
Does sN-38 induce cell cycle arrest and apoptosis in human testicular cancer?
Does p53 regulate apoptotic retinal ganglion cell death induced by N-methyl-D-aspartate?
Does activation of a meiotic checkpoint during Drosophila oogenesis regulate the translation of Gurken through Chk2/Mnk?
Is apoptolidin , a selective cytotoxic agent , an inhibitor of F0F1-ATPase?
Do schirrous invasive ductal carcinoma of the breast overexpress p53 oncoprotein?
Does apoptotic cell death make a minor contribution to reperfusion injury in skeletal muscle in the rat?
Is p53 mutation infrequent in clear cell carcinoma of the ovary?
Does inhibitive effect of 3-bromopyruvic acid on human breast cancer MCF-7 cells involve cell cycle arrest and apoptotic induction?
Does topical 3.0 % diclofenac in 2.5 % hyaluronic acid gel induce regression of cancerous transformation in actinic keratoses?
Does x-radiation induce non-small-cell lung cancer apoptosis by upregulation of Axin expression?
Does the archipelago tumor suppressor gene limit rb/e2f-regulated apoptosis in developing Drosophila tissues?
Are p53 and p38 MAPK pathways involved in MONCPT-induced cell cycle G2/M arrest in human non-small cell lung cancer A549?
Are the TP53 Arg72Pro and MDM2 309G > T polymorphisms associated with breast cancer risk in BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutation carriers?
Does sU5416 induce premature senescence in endothelial progenitor cells from patients with age-related macular degeneration?
Are distinct p53 gene signatures needed to predict prognosis and response to chemotherapy in ER-positive and ER-negative breast cancers?
Are p53 protein accumulation and presence of visceral metastasis independent prognostic factors for survival in patients with metastatic inflammatory breast carcinoma?
Is increased vein wall apoptosis in varicose vein disease related to venous hypertension?
Do combined prostaglandin E1 and lithium exert potent neuroprotection in a rat model of cerebral ischemia?
Does activation of the aryl hydrocarbon receptor by doxorubicin mediate cytoprotective effects in the heart?
Is tP53 codon 72 polymorphism associated with coronary artery disease in Chilean subjects?
Do p53 mutant breast cancer patients expressing p53γ have as good a prognosis as wild-type p53 breast cancer patients?
Does suberoyl bis-hydroxamic acid enhance cytotoxicity induced by proteasome inhibitors in breast cancer cells?
Is the novel p21 polymorphism p21G251A associated with locally advanced breast cancer?
Does thioredoxin-1 protect against hyperoxia-induced apoptosis in cells of the alveolar walls?
Does cathepsin D expression detected by immunohistochemistry have independent prognostic value in axillary node-negative breast cancer?
Does genomic landscape of Ewing sarcoma define an aggressive subtype with co-association of STAG2 and TP53 mutations?
Does intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guérin efficiently reduce p70S6K1 but not 4E-BP1 phosphorylation in nonmuscle invasive bladder cancer?
Does inhibition of mitochondrial p53 abolish the detrimental effects of social isolation on ischemic brain injury?
Are quantitative apparent diffusion coefficient measurements obtained by 3-Tesla MRI correlated with biomarkers of bladder cancer proliferative activity?
Does loss of one copy of Zfp148 reduce lesional macrophage proliferation and atherosclerosis in mice by activating p53?
Are kRAS and DAXX/ATRX gene mutations correlated with the clinicopathological features , advanced diseases , and poor prognosis in Chinese patients with pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors?
Does downregulation of ASPP2 in pancreatic cancer cells contribute to increased resistance to gemcitabine through autophagy activation?
Does expression screening using a Medaka cDNA library identify evolutionarily conserved regulators of the p53/Mdm2 pathway?
Does inhibition of IGF1-R overcome IGFBP7-induced chemotherapy resistance in T-ALL?
Does in vitro CO2-induced ROS production impair cell cycle in SH-SY5Y neuroblastoma cells?
Does bioinformatics analysis of two microarray gene-expression data set to select lung adenocarcinoma marker genes?
Is high expression of testes-specific protease 50 associated with poor prognosis in colorectal carcinoma?
Is high-level expression of wild-type p53 in melanoma cells frequently associated with inactivity in p53 reporter gene assays?
Is early onset HER2-positive breast cancer associated with germline TP53 mutations?
Does honokiol induce cell cycle arrest and apoptosis via p53 activation in H4 human neuroglioma cells?
Do rat Notochordal Cells Undergo Premature Stress-Induced Senescence by High Glucose?
Does miR-375 modulate Radiosensitivity of HR-HPV-Positive Cervical Cancer Cells by Targeting UBE3A through the p53 Pathway?
Does a functional genetic variant in fragile-site gene FATS modulate the risk of breast cancer in triparous women?
Does next-Generation Sequencing of Pulmonary Sarcomatoid Carcinoma reveal High Frequency of Actionable MET Gene Mutations?
Do morphologic and cytogenetic variables affect the flow cytometric recovery of plasma cell myeloma cells in bone marrow aspirates?
Does type of Renal Replacement Therapy ( Hemodialysis versus Peritoneal Dialysis ) Affect Cytokine Gene Expression or Clinical Parameters of Renal Transplant Candidates?
Do miR-300 regulate the malignancy of breast cancer by targeting p53?
Does autophagy sustain mitochondrial glutamine metabolism and growth of BrafV600E-driven lung tumors?
Does chk1 inhibit E2F6 repressor function in response to replication stress to maintain cell-cycle transcription?
Does pretreatment with sildenafil alleviate early lung ischemia-reperfusion injury in a rat model?
Does bisdemethoxycurcumin suppress MCF-7 cells proliferation by inducing ROS accumulation and modulating senescence-related pathways?
Does the ethanol extract isolated from Weiqi Decoction induce G₂/M arrest and apoptosis in AGS cells?
Does [ ShRNA-mediated silencing of MDM2 inhibit growth of HepG2 hepatocellular carcinoma cells xenografted in nude mice ]?
Does inhibition of amyloid precursor protein processing lead to downregulation of apoptotic genes in Alzheimer 's disease animal models?
Is gadd45β transcriptionally activated by p53 via p38α-mediated phosphorylation during myocardial ischemic injury?
Does fetal bovine serum suppress apoptosis in the small intestine after total ischemia and reperfusion in mice?
Does the prognostic value of the AgNOR parameter in human breast cancer depend on the pRb and p53 status?
Are expression of hypoxia-inducible factor-1alpha and cell cycle proteins in invasive breast cancer estrogen receptor related?
Does expression of Mcl-1 and p53 proteins predict the survival of patients with T3 gastric carcinoma?
Are in vitro chemoresistance and biomarker profiles unique for histologic subtypes of epithelial ovarian cancer?
Does apoptosis participate to liver damage in HSV-induced fulminant hepatitis?
Is elevated cyclooxygenase-2 expression associated with altered expression of p53 and SMAD4 , amplification of HER-2/neu , and poor outcome in serous ovarian carcinoma?
Is expression of p21 cell cycle protein an independent predictor of response to salvage radiotherapy after radical prostatectomy?
Is arrest of human lung fibroblasts in G2 phase after irradiation regulated by converging phosphatidylinositol-3 kinase and beta1-integrin signaling in vitro?
Does tP53 codon 72 polymorphism affect risk of cervical cancer in patients from The Gambia?
Is eRBB2 amplification superior to protein expression status in predicting patient outcome in serous ovarian carcinoma?
Does early growth response-1 transcription factor promote hepatic fibrosis and steatosis in long-term ethanol-fed Long-Evans rats?
Is cIP2A overexpression associated with c-Myc expression in colorectal cancer?
Does piperonal ciprofloxacin hydrazone induce growth arrest and apoptosis of human hepatocarcinoma SMMC-7721 cells?
Are the impact of cyclin D1 mRNA isoforms , morphology and p53 in mantle cell lymphoma : p53 alterations and blastoid morphology strong predictors of a high proliferation index?
Does hypoxic preconditioning enhance angiogenic potential of bone marrow cells with aging-related functional impairment?
Do cell cycle proteins predict recurrence in stage II and III colon cancer?
Does cytoplasmic p21 induced by p65 prevent doxorubicin-induced cell death in pancreatic carcinoma cell line?
Does bypass of cell cycle arrest induced by transient DNMT1 post-transcriptional silencing trigger aneuploidy in human cells?
Is p53 activity essential for normal development in Xenopus?
Does combined analysis with Bcl-2 and P53 immunostaining predict poorer prognosis in prostatic carcinoma?
Do tumor angiogenesis and biologic markers in resected stage I NSCLC?
Does 5-Aminolevulinic Acid-Based Sonodynamic Therapy induce the Apoptosis of Osteosarcoma in Mice?
Does canopy 2 attenuate the transition from compensatory hypertrophy to dilated heart failure in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?
Does twist predict poor outcome of patients with astrocytic glioma?
Does microRNA-18a modulate P53 expression by targeting IRF2 in gastric cancer patients?
Does histone deacetylase inhibition sensitize osteosarcoma to heavy ion radiotherapy?
Are schistosoma haematobium egg-induced bladder urothelial abnormalities dependent on p53 modulated by host sex?
Does deep Sequencing in Conjunction with Expression and Functional Analyses reveal Activation of FGFR1 in Ewing Sarcoma?
Is rNF125 a ubiquitin-protein ligase that promotes p53 degradation?
Does next-Gen Sequencing expose Frequent MED12 Mutations and Actionable Therapeutic Targets in Phyllodes Tumors?
Do functional TP53 mutations have no impact on response to cytotoxic agents in metastatic colon cancer?
Does deep sequencing of multiple regions of glial tumors reveal spatial heterogeneity for mutations in clinically relevant genes?
Is pRMT5 required for lymphomagenesis triggered by multiple oncogenic drivers?
Is activation of the K-ras oncogene in colorectal neoplasms associated with decreased apoptosis?
Is altered expression of p53 and mdm-2 proteins at diagnosis associated with early treatment failure in childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia?
Is autophagy critical for pancreatic tumor growth and progression in tumors with p53 alterations?
Does fullerenol protect retinal pigment epithelial cells from oxidative stress-induced premature senescence via activating SIRT1?
Are p38 MAPK and ERK1/2 pathways involved in the pro-apoptotic effect of notoginsenoside Ft1 on human neuroblastoma SH-SY5Y cells?
Does hydrogen sulfide ameliorate high-glucose toxicity in rat peritoneal mesothelial cells by attenuating oxidative stress?
Does downregulation of HIPK2 increase resistance of bladder cancer cell to cisplatin by regulating Wip1?
Is autophagy required for glucose homeostasis and lung tumor maintenance?
Does mIF antagonist ( CPSI-1306 ) protect against UVB-induced squamous cell carcinoma?
Is gemcitabine diphosphate choline a major metabolite linked to the Kennedy pathway in pancreatic cancer models in vivo?
Are id helix-loop-helix proteins differentially expressed in gestational trophoblastic disease?
Are increased E2F-1 expression via tumour cell proliferation and decreased apoptosis correlated with adverse prognosis in patients with squamous cell carcinoma of the oesophagus?
Is alpha-fetoprotein expression a potential prognostic marker in hepatocellular carcinoma?
Does gene-expression profiling predict recurrence in Dukes ' C colorectal cancer?
Do embryonic retinal tumors in SV40 T-Ag transgenic mice contain CD133+ tumor-initiating cells?
Are the different regulatory effects of p53 status on multidrug resistance determined by autophagy in ovarian cancer cells?
Does antioxidant and cytotoxic effects of hexane extract of Morinda pubescens leave in human liver cancer cell line?
Are mesenchymal stromal cells genetically stable under a hostile in vivo-like scenario as revealed by in vitro micronucleus test?
Is alteration in PI3K/mTOR , MAPK pathways and Her2 expression/amplification more frequent in uterine serous carcinoma than ovarian serous carcinoma?
Does novel Epigenetic CREB-miR-630 Signaling Axis regulate Radiosensitivity in Colorectal Cancer?
Do a combination of molecular markers and clinical features improve the classification of pancreatic cysts?
Does etoposide induce cell death via mitochondrial-dependent actions of p53?
Does mEK plus PI3K/mTORC1/2 Therapeutic Efficacy be Impacted by TP53 Mutation in Preclinical Models of Colorectal Cancer?
Is nuclear Protein Phosphatase 1 α ( PP1A ) Expression Associated with Poor Prognosis in p53 Expressing Glioblastomas?
Does [ Liraglutide attenuate myocardial ischemia/reperfusion injury possibly through reducing cardiomyocytes apoptosis and oxidation in rats ]?
Is epstein-Barr virus infection strictly associated with the metastatic spread of sinonasal squamous-cell carcinomas?
Is tumor chemosensitivity correlated with expression of multidrug resistance associated factors in variously differentiated gastric carcinoma tissues?
Is loss-of-heterozygosity on chromosome 19q in early-stage serous ovarian cancer associated with recurrent disease?
Is akt phosphorylation in human chondrocytes regulated by p53R2 in response to mechanical stress?
Does angiotensin II receptor antagonist attenuate expression of aging markers in diabetic mouse heart?
Does absence of the p53 tumor suppressor gene promote osteogenesis in mesenchymal stem cells?
Does p53 gene transfer to the injured rat carotid artery decrease neointimal formation?
Is expression of alpha6 integrin subunit associated with malignancy in gastric gastrointestinal stromal tumors?
Does acid have antiproliferative effects in nonneoplastic Barrett 's epithelial cells?
Does nonalcoholic fatty liver sensitize rats to carbon tetrachloride hepatotoxicity?
Does 5-ASA affect cell cycle progression in colorectal cells by reversibly activating a replication checkpoint?
Does methionine inhibit cellular growth dependent on the p53 status of cells?
Do fGFR3 mutations and a normal CK20 staining pattern define low-grade noninvasive urothelial bladder tumours?
Does automated microscopy identify estrogen receptor subdomains with large-scale chromatin structure unfolding activity?
Does ionizing radiation induce a p53-dependent apoptotic mechanism in ARPE-19 cells?
Do p53-positive tumor-distant squamous epithelia of the head and neck reveal selective loss of chromosome 17?
Is kruppel-like factor 6 ( KLF6 ) a tumor-suppressor gene frequently inactivated in colorectal cancer?
Are p53 apoptotic pathway molecules frequently and simultaneously altered in nonsmall cell lung carcinoma?
Is nO-Evoked macrophage apoptosis attenuated by cAMP-induced gene expression?
Does non-neuronal muscarinic receptor activation prevent apoptosis of endothelial cells induced by homocysteine?
Are kRAS mutations in codon 12 or 13 associated with worse prognosis in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma?
Does differential expression of STAT1 and p21 proteins predict pancreatic cancer progression and prognosis?
Do amplification of Mdmx and overexpression of MDM2 contribute to mammary carcinogenesis by substituting for p53 mutations?
Does bacterial genotoxin colibactin promote colon tumour growth by inducing a senescence-associated secretory phenotype?
Does artemisinin derivative artesunate induce radiosensitivity in cervical cancer cells in vitro and in vivo?
Do malignant phyllodes tumors display mesenchymal stem cell features and aldehyde dehydrogenase/disialoganglioside identify their tumor stem cells?
Does activation of protease-activated receptor 2 reduce glioblastoma cell apoptosis?
Does miRNA-34a reduce neointima formation through inhibiting smooth muscle cell proliferation and migration?
Does carvedilol suppress Apoptosis and Ion Channel Remodelling of HL-1 Cardiac Myocytes Expressing E334K cMyBPC?
Does the candidate oncogene ( MCRS1 ) promote the growth of human lung cancer cells via the miR-155-Rb1 pathway?
Is overexpression of denticleless E3 ubiquitin protein ligase homolog ( DTL ) related to poor outcome in gastric carcinoma?
Is aPOBEC3B high expression status associated with aggressive phenotype in Japanese breast cancers?
Does genomic analysis of HPV-positive versus HPV-negative oesophageal adenocarcinoma identify a differential mutational landscape?
Does pRIMA-1 ( MET ) induce death in soft-tissue sarcomas cell independent of p53?
Does combination Therapy Targeting Ribosome Biogenesis and mRNA Translation Synergistically extend Survival in MYC-Driven Lymphoma?
Is reduced p21 ( WAF1/CIP1 ) via alteration of p53-DDX3 pathway associated with poor relapse-free survival in early-stage human papillomavirus-associated lung cancer?
Does t-2 toxin induce apoptosis in ovarian granulosa cells of rats through reactive oxygen species-mediated mitochondrial pathway?
Is paired box gene 5 a novel tumor suppressor in hepatocellular carcinoma through interaction with p53 signaling pathway?
Does p53 inhibit vascular endothelial growth factor expression in solid tumor?
Is the retinoblastoma protein/p16 INK4A pathway but not p53 disrupted by human papillomavirus in penile squamous cell carcinoma?
Is 53BP1 limiting for NHEJ repair in ATM-deficient model systems that are subjected to oncogenic stress or radiation?
Is karyotyping of diffuse large B-cell lymphomas : loss of 17p associated with poor patient outcome?
Does epigenetic drug combination induce genome-wide demethylation and altered gene expression in neuro-ectodermal tumor-derived cell lines?
Do lycium barbarum polysaccharides protect rat liver from non-alcoholic steatohepatitis-induced injury?
Does dihydrotanshinone induce p53-independent but ROS-dependent apoptosis in colon cancer cells?
Does acetyl-11-keto-beta-boswellic acid ( AKBA ) prevent human colonic adenocarcinoma growth through modulation of multiple signaling pathways?
Is the expression of S100A4 in human pancreatic cancer associated with invasion?
Does lectin microarray technology identify specific lectins related to lymph node metastasis of advanced gastric cancer?
Does elephantopus scaber induce apoptosis through ROS-dependent mitochondrial signaling pathway in HCT116 human colorectal carcinoma cells?
Is bCL-2 expression prognostic for improved survival in non-small cell lung cancer?
Does coamplification at lower denaturation temperature-PCR increase mutation-detection selectivity of TaqMan-based real-time PCR?
Is pIK3CA mutation associated with poor prognosis among patients with curatively resected colon cancer?
Does bcl2 -938C/A polymorphism carries increase risk of biochemical recurrence after radical prostatectomy?
Is apoptosis in experimental NASH associated with p53 activation and TRAIL receptor expression?
Is chmp 1A a mediator of the anti-proliferative effects of all-trans retinoic acid in human pancreatic cancer cells?
Is combination of p53AIP1 and survivin expression a powerful prognostic marker in non-small cell lung cancer?
Does the p53-induced Siva-1 play a significant role in cisplatin-mediated apoptosis?
Are low miR-34a and miR-192 associated with unfavorable prognosis in patients suffering from osteosarcoma?
Does fOXA1 positively regulate gene expression by changing gene methylation status in human breast cancer MCF-7 cells?
Is accumulation of p53 prognostic for aromatase inhibitor resistance in early-stage postmenopausal patients with ER-positive breast cancer?
Are truncating mutations of PPM1D found in blood DNA samples of lung cancer patients?
Does distinct genetic architecture underlie the emergence of sleep loss and prey-seeking behavior in the Mexican cavefish?
Does tP53 Y220C be a Hotspot Mutation in Oropharyngeal Squamous Cell Carcinoma?
Does p53 function influence the effect of fractionated radiotherapy on glioblastoma tumors?
Does combination of 9-aminoacridine with Campath-1H provide effective therapy for a murine model of adult T-cell leukemia?
Is the MDM2 polymorphism SNP309 associated with clinical characteristics and outcome in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma?
Does lKB1 loss at transcriptional level promote tumor malignancy and poor patient outcomes in colorectal cancer?
Is chromosomal instability associated with global DNA hypomethylation associated with the initiation and progression of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma?
Does nutlin-3 overcome arsenic trioxide resistance and tumor metastasis mediated by mutant p53 in Hepatocellular Carcinoma?
Are fibroblast growth factor receptor ( FGFR ) gene amplifications rare events in bladder cancer?
Does oridonin induce NPM mutant protein translocation and apoptosis in NPM1c+ acute myeloid leukemia cells in vitro?
Do type 2 diabetes susceptibility gene variants predispose to adult-onset autoimmune diabetes?
Are immunoreactions for P53 isoforms associated with ultrastructural proliferative profiles in benign thyroid nodules?
Does iκBα mediate prostate cancer cell death induced by combinatorial targeting of the androgen receptor?
Do ginkgo biloba extract induce cell apoptosis and G0/G1 cycle arrest in gastric cancer cells?
Does inhibition of glycolytic enzyme hexokinase II ( HK2 ) suppress lung tumor growth?
Does lower MGMT expression predict better prognosis in proneural-like glioblastoma?
Does lack of Immunomodulatory Interleukin-27 enhance Oncogenic Properties of Mutant p53 In Vivo?
Is sLUG expression an indicator of tumour recurrence in high-grade endometrial carcinomas?
Does psorinum 6 × trigger apoptosis signals in human lung cancer cells?
Does whole-exome sequencing of duodenal adenocarcinoma identify recurrent Wnt/β-catenin signaling pathway mutations?
Is nuclear-targeted deleted in liver cancer 1 ( DLC1 ) less efficient in exerting its tumor suppressive activity both in vitro and in vivo?
Does mutation in utp15 disrupt vascular patterning in a p53-dependent manner in zebrafish embryos?
Does radiofrequency ablation for dysplasia in Barrett 's esophagus restore β-catenin activation within esophageal progenitor cells?
Do microRNA profile of polyunsaturated fatty acid treated glioma cells reveal apoptosis-specific expression changes?
Is akt activation responsible for enhanced migratory and invasive behavior of arsenic-transformed human bronchial epithelial cells?
Is mismatch repair gene MSH3 polymorphism associated with the risk of sporadic prostate cancer?
Is elevated p53 expression associated with dysregulation of the ubiquitin-proteasome system in dilated cardiomyopathy?
Does lY294002 induce p53-dependent apoptosis of SGC7901 gastric cancer cells?
Do genetic variants in cell cycle control pathway confer susceptibility to bladder cancer?
Does pifithrin-alpha reduce cerebral vasospasm by attenuating apoptosis of endothelial cells in a subarachnoid haemorrhage model of rat?
Does vitamin E succinate induce ceramide-mediated apoptosis in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma in vitro and in vivo?
Is downregulation of p53 by phosphatase of regenerating liver 3 mediated by MDM2 and PIRH2?
Does p53 genotype predict response to chemotherapy in patients with squamous cell carcinoma of the esophagus?
Does the combination of baicalin and baicalein enhance apoptosis via the ERK/p38 MAPK pathway in human breast cancer cells?
Is transformation of pleomorphic adenoma to carcinoma ex pleomorphic adenoma of the parotid gland independent of p53 mutations?
Does physical exercise prevent cellular senescence in circulating leukocytes and in the vessel wall?
Do differential phosphoprotein levels and pathway analysis identify the transition mechanism of LNCaP cells into androgen-independent cells?
Does dicoumarol enhance gemcitabine-induced cytotoxicity in high NQO1-expressing cholangiocarcinoma cells?
Does oral malodorous compound cause oxidative stress and p53-mediated programmed cell death in keratinocyte stem cells?
Does silymarin exacerbate p53-mediated tubular apoptosis in glycerol-induced acute kidney injury in rats?
Does mild hypothermia reduce ischemic neuron death via altering the expression of p53 and bcl-2?
Does xPC epigenetic silence coupled with p53 alteration have a significant impact on bladder cancer outcome?
Is the aberrant asynchronous replication - characterizing lymphocytes of cancer patients - erased following stem cell transplantation?
Does starvation-induced activation of ATM/Chk2/p53 signaling sensitize cancer cells to cisplatin?
Does maintenance of S-nitrosothiol homeostasis play an important role in growth suppression of estrogen receptor-positive breast tumors?
Do up-regulated ATP-sensitive potassium channels play a role in increased inflammation and plaque vulnerability in macrophages?
Is the p53 codon 72 polymorphism ( rs1042522 ) associated with proliferative vitreoretinopathy : the Retina 4 Project?
Does inhibition of p53 attenuate steatosis and liver injury in a mouse model of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease?
Does multifocality of transitional cell carcinoma result from genetic instability of entire transitional epithelium?
Do p53 mutations and presence of HPV DNA correlate with radiosensitivity of gynecological cancer cell lines?
Is p53 immunopositivity in histologically favorable Wilms tumor related to stage at presentation or to biological aggression?
Does the p53-stabilizing compound , CP-31398 , enhance chemosensitivity in human melanoma cells?
Does expression of Ku86 confer favorable outcome of tonsillar carcinoma treated with radiotherapy?
Is stathmin 1 , a marker of PI3K pathway activation and regulator of microtubule dynamics , expressed in early pelvic serous carcinomas?
Is the loss of the p53 activator HIPK2 responsible for galectin-3 overexpression in well differentiated thyroid carcinomas?
Do p53 and PUMA independently regulate apoptosis of intestinal epithelial cells in patients and mice with colitis?
Is loss of MTBP expression associated with reduced survival in a biomarker-defined subset of patients with squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck?
Is glucose , not glutamine , the dominant energy source required for proliferation and survival of head and neck squamous carcinoma cells?
Do rB and p53 cooperate to prevent liver tumorigenesis in response to tissue damage?
Does retinoic acid-induced pancreatic stellate cell quiescence reduce paracrine Wnt-β-catenin signaling to slow tumor progression?
Does dieckol rescue mice from lethal irradiation by accelerating hemopoiesis and curtailing immunosuppression?
Does miR-125b promote growth of prostate cancer xenograft tumor through targeting pro-apoptotic genes?
Are apoptosis-associated microRNAs modulated in mouse , rat and human neural differentiation?
Is nPM1 deletion associated with gross chromosomal rearrangements in leukemia?
Does neutrophil elastase promote proliferation of HaCaT cell line and transwell psoriasis organ culture model?
Is fascin a predictor for invasiveness and recurrence of urothelial carcinoma of bladder?
Is eMG1 essential for mouse pre-implantation embryo development?
Does oncolytic adenovirus SG600-IL24 selectively kill hepatocellular carcinoma cell lines?
Does hairless expression attenuate apoptosis in a mouse model and the COS cell line ; involvement of p53?
Does degradation of p53 by human Alphapapillomavirus E6 proteins show a stronger correlation with phylogeny than oncogenicity?
Is global DNA hypomethylation an early event in Helicobacter pylori-related gastric carcinogenesis?
Is cyclic AMP-induced p53 destabilization independent of EPAC in pre-B acute lymphoblastic leukemia cells in vitro?
Does mDM2 antagonist Nutlin-3a potentiate antitumour activity of cytotoxic drugs in sarcoma cell lines?
Do histone deacetylase inhibitors sensitize human non-small cell lung cancer cells to ionizing radiation through acetyl p53-mediated c-myc down-regulation?
Is expression of PDGFRα a determinant of the PVR potential of ARPE19 cells?
Seems high-risk human papillomavirus involved in DES-related and of limited importance in nonDES related clear-cell carcinoma of the cervix?
Does photodynamic therapy reduce the histological features of actinic damage and the expression of early oncogenic markers?
Is a predicted protein , KIAA0247 , a cell cycle modulator in colorectal cancer cells under 5-FU treatment?
Does the Wnt/beta-catenin pathway regulate growth and maintenance of colonospheres?
Does elevated serum level of IL-23 correlate with expression of VEGF in human colorectal carcinoma?
Does c. albicans activate cyclooxygenase but not its product prostaglandin E₂in HPV 16-stabilized cells?
Does silencing microRNA-34a inhibit chondrocyte apoptosis in a rat osteoarthritis model in vitro?
Does sMAD4 immunohistochemistry reflect genetic status in juvenile polyposis syndrome?
Does nDRG2 suppress the proliferation of clear cell renal cell carcinoma cell A-498?
Do thiazolidinediones inhibit hepatocarcinogenesis in hepatitis B virus-transgenic mice by peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma-independent regulation of nucleophosmin?
Do inflammation and insulin resistance exert dual effects on adipose tissue tumor protein 53 expression?
Does systems analysis reveal a transcriptional reversal of the mesenchymal phenotype induced by SNAIL-inhibitor GN-25?
Does human ovarian tissue vitrification/warming have minor effect on the expression of apoptosis-related genes?
Are pTEN deletions related to disease progression and unfavourable prognosis in early bladder cancer?
Does addition of 5-fluorouracil to doxorubicin-paclitaxel sequence increase caspase-dependent apoptosis in breast cancer cell lines?
Does erythropoietin Receptor Activation protect the Kidney From Ischemia/Reperfusion-Induced Apoptosis by Activating ERK/p53 Signal Pathway?
Are microRNAs differentially regulated between MDM2-positive and negative malignant pleural mesothelioma?
Do proteasome or immunoproteasome inhibitors cause apoptosis in human renal tubular epithelial cells under normoxic and hypoxic conditions?
Does p53 determine prognostic significance of the carbohydrate stem cell marker TF1 ( CD176 ) in ovarian cancer?
Is bmi1 required for regeneration of the exocrine pancreas in mice?
Is induction of cellular senescence by doxorubicin associated with upregulated miR-375 and induction of autophagy in K562 cells?
Is mYC activated by USP2a-mediated modulation of microRNAs in prostate cancer?
Is the centrosomal protein Tax1 binding protein 2 a novel tumor suppressor in hepatocellular carcinoma regulated by cyclin-dependent kinase 2?
Does single-fraction γ-60Co radiation induce apoptosis in cultured rat C6 cells?
Is high-resolution melting assay ( HRMA ) a simple and sensitive stool-based DNA Test for the detection of mutations in colorectal neoplasms?
Does interleukin-9 promote cell survival and drug resistance in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma?
Do classification of TP53 mutations and HPV predict survival in advanced larynx cancer?
Does dNA Damage be a Potential Marker for TP53 Mutation in Colorectal Carcinogenesis?
Is high expression of karyopherin-α2 and stathmin 1 associated with proliferation potency and transformation in the bile duct and gall bladder epithelia in the cases of pancreaticobiliary maljunction?
Does eRK1/2/p53 and NF-κB dependent-PUMA activation involve in doxorubicin-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis?
Does combination of suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid with heavy ion therapy show promising effects in infantile sarcoma cell lines?
Does down-regulation of p73 correlate with high histological grade in Japanese with breast carcinomas?
Is disruptive TP53 mutation associated with aggressive disease characteristics in an orthotopic murine model of oral tongue cancer?
Does a stratified transcriptomics analysis of polygenic fat and lean mouse adipose tissues identify novel candidate obesity genes?
Does quercetin-mediated Mcl-1 and survivin downregulation restore TRAIL-induced apoptosis in non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma B cells?
Is epigenetic inactivation of BCL6B , a novel functional tumour suppressor for gastric cancer , associated with poor survival?
Is rAD21 cohesin overexpression a prognostic and predictive marker exacerbating poor prognosis in KRAS mutant colorectal carcinomas?
Are ependymoma stem cells highly sensitive to temozolomide in vitro and in orthotopic models?
Does sIRT1 modulate miRNA processing defects in p53-mutated human keratinocytes?
Does the natural diterpenoid ovatodiolide induce cell cycle arrest and apoptosis in human oral squamous cell carcinoma Ca9-22 cells?
Does analysis of gene expression in stage I serous tumors identify critical pathways altered in ovarian cancer?
Does tCF/beta-catenin play an important role in HCCR-1 oncogene expression?
Are expression of metallothionein and p53 antigens correlated in oral squamous cell carcinoma?
Are elevated expressions of MMP7 , TROP2 , and survivin associated with survival , disease recurrence , and liver metastasis of colon cancer?
Does data integration from two microarray platforms identify bi-allelic genetic inactivation of RIC8A in a breast cancer cell line?
Is epigenetic inactivation of transforming growth factor-β1 target gene HEYL , a novel tumor suppressor , involved in the P53-induced apoptotic pathway in hepatocellular carcinoma?
Does whole transcriptome sequencing reveal extensive unspliced mRNA in metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer?
Is poor prognosis of colorectal cancer in patients over 80 years old associated with down-regulation of tumor suppressor genes?
Is the CUSP DeltaNp63alpha isoform of human p63 downregulated by solar-simulated ultraviolet radiation?
Is chromosomal instability rather than p53 mutation associated with response to neoadjuvant cisplatin-based chemotherapy in gastric carcinoma?
Is elevated mammaglobin ( h-MAM ) expression in breast cancer associated with clinical and biological features defining a less aggressive tumour phenotype?
Does autophagy impairment induce premature senescence in primary human fibroblasts?
Does apoptin enhance the oncolytic properties of Newcastle disease virus?
Does constitutive expression of γ-H2AX have prognostic relevance in triple negative breast cancer?
Does stabilisation of p53 enhance reovirus-induced apoptosis and virus spread through p53-dependent NF-κB activation?
Does silibinin enhance ultraviolet B-induced apoptosis in mcf-7 human breast cancer cells?
Are microRNAs associated with human embryo implantation defects?
Does the mTOR inhibitor RAD001 sensitize tumor cells to the cytotoxic effect of carboplatin in breast cancer in vitro?
Are mutations of the PH domain of protein kinase B ( PKB/AKT ) absent in human epidermal skin tumors?
Do combined p21WAF1/CIP1 and p53 overexpression predict improved survival in muscle-invasive bladder cancer treated by radical radiotherapy?
Is a unique basal pattern of p53 expression in ulcerative colitis associated with mutation in the p53 gene?
Does bromodeoxyuridine induce p53-dependent and -independent cell cycle arrests in human gastric carcinoma cell lines?
Does macrophage infiltration-associated thymidine phosphorylase expression correlate with increased microvessel density and poor prognosis in astrocytic tumors?
Is loss of expression of the p16 tumor suppressor gene more frequent in advanced ovarian cancers lacking p53 mutations?
Is p16INK4a a prognostic marker in resected ductal pancreatic cancer : an analysis of p16INK4a , p53 , MDM2 , an Rb?
Does wild type p53 sensitize soft tissue sarcoma cells to doxorubicin by down-regulating multidrug resistance-1 expression?
Is nuclear , compared with combined nuclear and cytoplasmic expression of maspin , linked in lung adenocarcinoma to reduced VEGF-A levels and in Stage I , improved survival?
Is induction of G2/M arrest by pseudolaric acid B mediated by activation of the ATM signaling pathway?
Does selective ablation of Notch3 in HCC enhance doxorubicin 's death promoting effect by a p53 dependent mechanism?
Do p53 mutations predict response to paclitaxel/radiation for nonsmall cell lung carcinoma?
Does the MDM2 oncoprotein bound specifically to RNA through its RING finger domain?
Are mutations in Lyar and p53 synergistically lethal in female mice?
Is the gene expression landscape of breast cancer shaped by tumor protein p53 status and epithelial-mesenchymal transition?
Do red wine and equivalent oral pharmacological doses of resveratrol delay vascular aging but extend life span in rats?
Is bax expression a candidate prognostic and predictive marker of colorectal cancer?
Is wRAP53 an independent prognostic factor in rectal cancer- a study of Swedish clinical trial of preoperative radiotherapy in rectal cancer patients?
Is microvessel proliferation by co-expression of endothelial nestin and Ki-67 associated with a basal-like phenotype and aggressive features in breast cancer?
Are nADPH oxidase 2-derived reactive oxygen species involved in dysfunction and apoptosis of pancreatic β-cells induced by low density lipoprotein?
Does a distinct p53 protein isoform signature reflect the onset of induction chemotherapy for acute myeloid leukemia?
Is bcl-2 protein expression associated with p27 and p53 protein expressions and MIB-1 counts in breast cancer?
Is the prognostic value and overexpression of cyclin A correlated with gene amplification of both cyclin A and cyclin E in breast cancer patient?
Are p53 mutations confined to the comedo type ductal carcinoma in situ of the breast . Immunohistochemical and sequencing data?
Is p53 labeling index in cholangioscopic biopsies useful for determining spread of bile duct carcinomas?
Does cyclosporin-A suppress p53-dependent repair DNA synthesis and apoptosis following ultraviolet-B irradiation?
Does inhibition of human chorionic gonadotropin beta-subunit modulate the mitogenic effect of c-myc in human prostate cancer cells?
Does caspase-9 transduction override the resistance mechanism against p53-mediated apoptosis in U-87MG glioma cells?
Does hydrogen peroxide stimulate apoptosis in cultured human retinal pigment epithelial cells?
Do arsenic compounds induce cytotoxicity and apoptosis in cisplatin-sensitive and -resistant gynecological cancer cell lines?
Is breast tumor immunophenotype of BRCA1-mutation carriers influenced by age at diagnosis?
Do detection of simian virus 40 DNA sequence in human primary glioblastomas multiforme?
Is intense p53 staining a valuable prognostic indicator for poor prognosis in medulloblastoma/central nervous system primitive neuroectodermal tumors?
Are allelic deletions of MCC/APC and p53 frequent late events in human gastric carcinogenesis?
